Olympics: High-Flying Holm Aims to Defy Science (Reuters) Reuters - Sweden's gold medal-winning high jumper Stefan Holm reckons he can leap even higher but scientists say he and other athletes were already close to the limit of what they can achieve.	3
Glory Comes Amid Empty Seats and Closed Shutters HERE in Old Europe, people install shutters outside their windows to keep out the heat, the pollution, the daylight, the noise. They also lock the shutters tight when they go away on holiday.	1
Modified US space shuttle ready to fly next spring NASA said Thursday it had corrected flaws that caused the destruction of the space shuttle Columbia in February 2003 and that a modified shuttle would be ready to resume flights sometime next Spring.	3
Asian Stocks Lower, Greenspan Awaited  SINGAPORE (Reuters) - Asian stocks edged lower on Wednesday  as profit taking set in after two days of gains and the dollar  firmed ahead of comments from Fed chief Alan Greenspan that are  expected to cement the case for further U.S. rate rises.	2
Microsoft mice get biometric Microsoft Corp. has made fingerprint biometric technology an integral part of its keyboard and mouse peripherals with new products that mark the company's first foray into biometric devices.	3
Intel To Start Tech Forum with New Chips Intel is expected to kick off its semi-annual developer forum Tuesday by demonstrating a new dual-core processor, something rival AMD showed off last week.	3
Japanese Prime Minister Inspects Four Northern Islands under ... On September 2, Japanese Prime Minister Junichiro Koizumi (right) inspects four northern islands that are under territorial dispute with Russia.	0
Creators of private spaceship announce plans for second launch ... The creators of a private rocket plane will go ahead with plans for another launch next week in a quest to claim a multimillion-dollar prize, despite a harrowing flight in which the spacecraft rolled dramatically while hurtling toward 	3
Panera Hopes 'Chilling Out' Brews Sales (AP) AP - Bakery cafe chain Panera Bread Co. hopes its customers will stick around a little longer - grab a bite to eat, buy another cup of coffee, try the Wi-Fi. In other words, just chill out.	3
Cassini radar lifts the veil from Saturn's Titan WASHINGTON - The first radar images of Titan, the cloud-shrouded moon of Saturn, revealed a relatively young, active surface, NASA said Friday (Oct. 29).	3
Colombia Says Irish Fugitives Have Fled Country  BOGOTA, Colombia (Reuters) - Three Irish fugitives  convicted of teaching leftist Colombian guerrillas how to make  bombs have escaped the Andean country and are at large outside  its borders, Colombia's attorney general said late on Thursday.	0
Iraq nuclear losses 'a scandal' Former UN chief weapons inspector Hans Blix has said the loss of control of Iraq's nuclear sites by the US after it occupied the country was scandalous.	0
In China's changing society, psychotherapy gains acceptance BEIJING -- Step back, Confucius. Move over, Mao. Dr. Freud is making the rounds. Once vilified by the communists as a remnant of bourgeois imperialism, the practice of psychology -- and especially the Western ritual of going to a therapist -- is gaining popularity in this country of budding capitalists.	0
French Govt., Muslims Appeal for Reporters' Release  PARIS (Reuters) - France's government and leaders of its  Muslim minority urged Iraqi militants Sunday to free two French  journalists they were holding hostage in a bid to force Paris  to revoke its ban on Muslim headscarves in schools.	0
Cellphones outstrip landlines in India (AFP) AFP - Mobile phone users have outstripped traditional landline connections in India, the government announced.	3
Fashionably late What do women want? Luciano Manganella, the owner of the trendy Boston women's boutique JasmineSola, has a pretty good idea. And now after 34 years in business, he's plotting a major expansion.	2
Lima gem ends LA drought Jose Lima came to the Los Angeles Dodgers in February as a journeyman pitcher with a 71-77 win-loss record, a 5.13 ERA and a reputation as one of baseball's hot dogs.	1
Iran Denies Any Nuclear Activity At Suspect Site Parchin VIENNA (AFP) - Iran denied that it had carried out any nuclear-related activity at the Parchin military site which is the subject of US and UN concern.	0
Continental won't make pension contributions this year Continental Airlines announced today it will not make any contributions to its pension plan this year, citing as reasons the ongoing uncertainty of the industry's economic environment and the record high cost of jet fuel.	2
China's economy still sizzling, with GDP up 9.1 in Q3, but prices ... China's economic boom is still roaring despite efforts to cool sizzling growth, with gross domestic product climbing 9.5 per cent in the first three quarters of this year, the government reported Friday.	2
Violent Protests Erupt Again in Haiti PORT-AU-PRINCE, Haiti Oct. 2, 2004 - Supporters of ousted President Jean-Bertrand Aristide took to the streets of Haiti's capital for a second day, shooting wildly, smashing cars and blocking roads with burning tires.	0
Darfur Peace Talks Struggle for Survival  ABUJA (Reuters) - Peace talks between Sudan's government  and Darfur rebels struggled for survival after one of the two  rebel groups said on Wednesday the negotiations had collapsed  but left open the chance of resumption.	0
Apple Sailing on Digital River the iPod -s a nifty little device, primarily allowing you to listen to downloaded music, but also giving you the opportunity 	3
Momentum shifted on Garcia's stellar play BLOOMFIELD TOWNSHIP, Mich. -- Oh, how Match No. 2 in yesterday's singles proved a fitting contrast in emotions in the final act of the 35th Ryder Cup Matches.	1
Microsoft plays up growth, dividend They were preaching to the choir, but Bill Gates and Steve Ballmer still did their best to sell the virtues of Microsoft stock at the company's annual shareholder meeting yesterday in Bellevue.	2
UPDATE: China Mobile 1H Net Up 7.8 On Subscriber Growth HONG KONG (Dow Jones)--China Mobile (Hong Kong) Ltd. (CHL), the listed unit of China's biggest cellular phone operator, posted Wednesday a 7.8 rise in first-half net profit on a 23 increase in its subscriber base. 	2
NYMEX Oil Rises on Nigerian Rebel Threat  NEW YORK (Reuters) - NYMEX crude oil futures jumped 36  cents in electronic trading on Monday evening to the  psychological $50 a barrel level, the highest in the 21 years  oil futures have traded on the exchange, as Nigerian rebels  decided an "all-out" war against the government starting Oct.  1.	2
Palestinian says Americans' killers can't be arrested GAZA -- Palestinian security forces know who was behind the killing of three Americans in Gaza nearly a year ago but cannot act against the factions while fighting with Israel continues, a top Palestinian security official said.	0
UPDATE: Air New Zealand Rights Issue Greeted Positively WELLINGTON (Dow Jones)--Air New Zealand Ltd. (AIR.NZ) said Wednesday it expects to post a slight drop in profit in the current financial year, and that it hopes to raise NZ$186 million in a rights issue next month to fund investment in new aircraft.	2
TiVo loss widens SAN FRANCISCO (CBS.MW) - TiVo said its second-quarter loss widened from a year earlier on higher customer acquisition costs. Free!	3
Motorola Aims to Sharpen Design Edge In a 26th-floor office suite overlooking Lake Michigan, some 40 industrial designers, mechanical engineers and specialists in fields ranging from anthropology to musicology 	3
Symantec to Buy Veritas for $13.5 Billion  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Security software maker Symantec Corp.  has agreed to buy Veritas Software Corp. for $13.5 billion,  expanding into the backup and recovery software market, the  companies said on Thursday.	2
Gurkhas win citizenship fight The Gurkhas who have served in the British Army have won an historic fight to be allowed to apply for British citizenship. The decision comes after a lengthy fight by the Nepalese soldiers for the right to 	0
Linux groups patch image flaw com December 8, 2004, 2:48 PM PT. Several flaws in common Linux code used to process graphics in the GNOME desktop environment could allow an attacker to compromise a computer that 	3
Monti gives Abbey takeover green light European Competition Commissioner Mario Monti has given the green light to the UK8.75bn takeover bid by Spain's Santander for the UK's Abbey National.	2
Renault unveils investment plan for Asian hub in South Korea (AFP) AFP - French auto giant Renault SA said it will invest some 570 million dollars in South Korea over the next three years as part of its global strategy to become a key player in Asia, notably China.	0
Vijay Singh seeks ninth win of 2004 World No. 1 Vijay Singh, who is seeking his ninth win on the PGA Tour this year, will play the final three events this season, starting with this week's Funai Classic.	1
NetRatings survey shows broadband users now a majority in US AUGUST 18, 2004 (IDG NEWS SERVICE) - A majority of US home Internet users now have broadband, according to a survey by NetRatings Inc. 	3
Concerns About Winter Push Oil to Record  SINGAPORE (Reuters) - Oil prices broke into new record  territory above $52 Thursday on heightened concerns that  supplies of heating fuels will prove inadequate during the  northern hemisphere winter.	2
Bush Seen Vulnerable to Kerry Among Independent Voters (Reuters) Reuters - President Bush, who holds a sizable lead in some polls, still appears to be vulnerable to Democrat John Kerry among independent voters whose shifting loyalties could determine the winner of the November election, pollsters say.	0
World's tallest bridge opens in France A bridge officially designated the tallest in the world was inaugurated by President Jacques Chirac in southern France on Tuesday - a stunning feat of engineering that will carry motorists at 270m above the valley of the river Tarn.	0
Mugabe Urges Party Unity Amid Succession Struggle  HARARE (Reuters) - Zimbabwe President Robert Mugabe called  for unity on Thursday amid rare public jostling within his  ruling ZANU-PF party over who will eventually succeed the  controversial 80-year-old leader.	0
Cisco Unveils SAN Products Targeted At Disaster Recovery Cisco Systems unveiled two SAN products that it says will help companies evade or recover quickly from disasters affecting corporate data.	3
Military Buoys Profit at Defense Firms  CHICAGO (Reuters) - Robust demand for military equipment  and technology led four U.S. defense companies to post higher  quarterly profit on Wednesday, with jet maker Boeing Co. BA.N  reporting a 78 percent jump in earnings despite a decline in  commercial airplane revenue.	2
Turkish Company Freezes Operations in Iraq (AP) AP - A Turkish construction company announced Tuesday that it was halting operations in neighboring Iraq in a bid to save the lives of 10 employees kidnapped by militants.	0
Federal-Mogul May Sell Turner & Newall Assets, Independent Says Federal-Mogul Corp., the bankrupt US engineering company, may sell its UK-based Turner & Newall Plc after the UK division's independent pension trustee rejected a $130 million cash offer 	2
Ecclestone driving a hard bargain The negotiations over the future of the British grand prix are expected to shift up a gear tomorrow when the sport's governing body, the FIA, publishes a draft calendar for the 2005 formula one world championship.	1
Polese steps into open-source fray Former Sun and Marimba executive Kim Polese takes the helm of SpikeSource, a start-up which will offer services around open source software.	3
Australia 362-7 v India, third test - close (Reuters) Reuters - Australia were 362 for seven wickets at the close of play on the first day of their third cricket test against India on Tuesday.	0
Eight children stabbed to death as they sleep A man broke into a school dormitory and stabbed eight sleeping children to death before fleeing. The murders at the Ruzhou No2 Senior Middle School in Pingdingshan, in the central province of Henan, was the 	0
Business Week Names Adler Its New Editor Stephen J. Adler, deputy managing editor of The Wall Street Journal, has been named editor of Business Week magazine, succeeding Stephen B. Shepard, who announced last week that he would retire from the magazine to become the first dean of a new 	2
Former Dot-Com Commerce One Eyes Closure Commerce One Inc., an Internet software maker valued at $20 billion at the peak of dot-com mania, is poised to go out of business as a pauper.	3
Three Said Killed in Afghanistan Protests KABUL, Afghanistan - Protesters angered at President Hamid Karzai's sacking of a warlord governor in the west of the country ransacked U.N. compounds and clashed with security forces Sunday, leaving as many as three people dead and dozens wounded, including three U.S...	0
International Space Station Crew Begins Preflight Exams MOSCOW (AP) -- The replacement crew for the International Space Station started two days of preflight exams Monday, part of final preparations to relieve the two-man Russian-American crew finishing a six-month mission.    Russian cosmonaut Salizhan Sharipov and U.S...	3
McClaren happy with striking duo Middlesbrough boss Steve McClaren believes Mark Viduka and Jimmy Floyd Hasselbaink could forge one of the most dangerous strike partnerships in the Barclays Premiership.	1
Treasury Prices Crawl Higher Before Data  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Treasuries prices crawled ahead on  Tuesday as a hesitant market awaited the latest reading on  consumer sentiment and an auction of new U.S. government debt.	2
Arsenal matches record of 42 league games without a loss on Sunday Arsenal rallied for three second-half goals in 11 minutes on Sunday to beat Middlesbrough 5-3, matching a 25-year-old record of 42 league games without a loss in the top-flight of English soccer.	1
Palm Shows New SmartPhone OS Rev PalmSource's latest iteration of the Palm OS operating system, code named Cobalt, is expected to be available in consumer mobile phone devices in the first half of 2005.	3
Toy Safety Glance 398,000 Bumble Bee toys distributed by Graco Children's Products. Graco received 26 reports of antennae breaking off the toys, including five reports of children who started to choke on the broken parts.	2
Miller Wins Giant Slalom After Maier Falters Bode Miller won his fifth victory of the World Cup season in a giant slalom on Sunday after the three men ahead of him all faltered.	1
In Internet Calling, Skype Is Living Up to the Hype Skype is the easiest, fastest and cheapest way for individual customers to use their computers with broadband connections as telephones.	3
Pro Hockey Notebook: 10/19/04 Courtney Prince, 25, of Manhattan, a former captain of the New York Rangers' skating cheerleading squad sued the owner of Madison Square Garden, saying she was fired after she told 	1
Cocoa Price Off, Ivory Coast Shot to Bits (Reuters) Reuters - World cocoa prices rose from intraday lows, but exports from the Ivory Coast, the key global supplier, remain on hold after mob violence and military clashes paralyze business in the West African country, traders said on Tuesday.	2
Hamas official killed in blast JERUSALEM -- A Hamas official was killed Sunday when his sport utility vehicle exploded in a neighborhood of Damascus, Syria, seconds after he started the engine, according to witnesses and the Palestinian militant group's leaders, who accused Israel of 	0
Golf: Woods' bitter sip from cup MICHIGAN - Tiger Woods finished the 35th Ryder Cup on a personal winning note in the last-day singles, but the enigma of his relationship with the biennial team competition remains.	1
United's pension dilemma United Airlines says it likely will end funding for employee pension plans, a move that would be the largest ever default by a US company and could lead to a taxpayer-funded bailout rivaling the savings-and-loan fiasco of the 1980s.	2
Refiners line up for stockpiled oil Oil futures hit a record high Friday as the government began lending oil from emergency reserves to refineries running low on crude after Hurricane Ivan.	2
Singh rules world that is yet to embrace him On Monday, the newly crowned No. 1 walked into a room to face the world's golfing media, having just shot down Tiger Woods in the final round of the Deutsche Bank Championship near Boston.	1
Broncos And Monday Night On The Road Don't Mix The Bengals were happy to be back on Monday Night Football after a 15 year absence. From gameplan to execution, they looked very good.	1
Boston Marathon champ Johnny Kelley dies Johnny Kelley, a two-time Boston Marathon champion who became a beloved figure in the history of the race by running it a record 61 times, died at 97.	1
3 Egyptian soldiers killed in Israeli error JERUSALEM -- Israeli troops mistook three Egyptian police officers for Palestinian militants and shot them dead yesterday along the Gaza Strip's border with Egypt, increasing tensions between the neighbors.	0
Asia-Europe Forum Grows, Myanmar Irritates  HANOI (Reuters) - An Asia-Europe forum accepted Myanmar and  12 other new members on Thursday ahead of a summit strained by  Yangon's human rights record and detention of democracy icon  Aung San Suu Kyi.	0
Cisco, Microsoft in security showdown Cisco Systems and Microsoft are headed for a collision over network security, with customers caught in the middle. The two companies have each proposed competing "end to end" security architectures, marking 	3
Still no beef resolution after latest talks NEW YORK, (Aug. 30, 2004) - Cattle farmers and haulers finally looking for a quick end to a 15-month ban on live cattle exports to the US are out of luck after Canadian Agriculture Minister Andy Mitchell 	2
Timeline of past 25 years in Afghanistan 1979: The Soviet Union sends troops into Afghanistan to support a pro-Moscow regime, sparking a decade-long war with anti-communist forces supplied and trained by the United States.	0
Japan Shares Fall to Low on Oil Worry  TOKYO (Reuters) - Japan's Nikkei share average fell 0.4  percent to a six-week closing low on Tuesday, marking an  eight-day losing streak, after oil prices topped $50 a barrel,  fanning concern over the business outlook for Japanese  companies.	2
Cricket: Pakistan edge ahead Pakistan take a slim lead over Sri Lanka by the end of the day two in the first Test.	0
American Fare Cuts Presage Price War American Airlines slashed its fares to Miami yesterday by as much as 85 percent from several cities including Washington's Reagan National Airport, possibly setting off a winter fare war on routes to Florida.	2
Senate Bill Aims at Makers of File-Sharing Software The Senate Judiciary Committee is considering a copyright bill that stands at the center of the file-sharing debate.	3
Living legends left their marks PASADENA, Calif. -- The first football meeting between Michigan and Texas in yesterday's Rose Bowl brought together two coaching legends -- Bo Schembechler and Darrell Royal .	1
Hershey Profit Up, to Sell Cookies  CHICAGO (Reuters) - Chocolate maker Hershey Foods Corp.  HSY.N on Thursday posted a higher-than-expected 16 percent  rise in quarterly profit and said it will get into the cookie  business.	2
Israeli Soldiers Kill Palestinian Gunman in Gaza -Army (Reuters) Reuters - Israeli soldiers shot and killed a Palestinian gunman on Monday as he approached a military outpost near a Jewish settlement in the southern Gaza Strip, a military source said.	0
South Africa's Mbeki Leaves Ivory Coast Rebel Zone South African President Thabo Mbeki left Ivory Coast's rebel town of Bouake after talks Sunday, saying mediators would prepare proposals to end the crisis in the world's top cocoa grower.	0
Microsoft Targets Solo Programmers with New Visual Studio Version ORLANDO, Fla.Microsoft Corp. announced another edition of its upcoming development tools family, releasing information on Visual Studio 2005 Standard Edition at the VSLive!	3
HP Profit Tops Lowered Forecast (Reuters) Reuters - Hewlett-Packard Co.  on Tuesday said quarterly profit topped its own lowered expectations as the computer and printer maker saw record revenues in every business and every region.	2
S Leone takes control of Freetown UN peacekeepers hand control of security in the Sierra Leone capital, Freetown, to local forces after the end of a brutal war.	0
Product Previews palmOneUpgrades Treo With Faster Chip, Better Display With more than 600,000 units shipped, the Treo 600 is one of the big smartphone success stories. Last week, palmOne introduced the follow-on Treo 650 with a higher resolution 320-by-320-pixel TFT screen, which the company claims increases the visible area of the display and makes pictures and documents much clearer. The 650 also carries a removable battery; 32MB of flash memory, and a faster 312MHz, Intel XScale processor. Improved multimedia features include a built-in MP3 player, a digital camera with improved low-light capabilities, as well as video capture and playback functionality. Products are expected to ship by years end from some carriers who will add their own services, and will be priced at about $499.  Treo 650, palmOne	2
Playboy Posts Unused Google Excerpt to Web Site (Reuters) Reuters - Playboy magazine on Tuesday posted to its Web site an unpublished portion from its interview with Google's founders, which raised regulatory eyebrows not for what it revealed, but for its timing -- just before the Internet search engine's much-anticipated initial public offering.	3
Burger and Boks get IRB gongs South Africa's Schalk Burger has been honoured as international rugby's player of the year in 2004. The Springboks, the reigning Tri Nations champions, also scooped the awards for Team of the Year and Coach 	1
EU set to launch 'transit camps' EU ministers agree to set up five pilot reception centres in Africa to process asylum applications.	0
Utah Seventh in First BCS Standings (AP) AP - As happy as Utah coach Urban Meyer was to hear his team was ranked seventh in the first Bowl Championship Series standings, he didn't want to talk about it much.	1
Hurricane Ivan May Cost as Much as Charley, Frances (Update3) Hurricane Ivan, which slammed into the US Gulf coast today, may cost insurers $4 billion to $10 billion, rivaling hurricanes Charley and Frances, Risk Management Solutions Inc.	2
US Stocks Up, Ford Forecast Gives a Lift  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. blue chips advanced on Friday  after Ford Motor Co. F.N raised its earnings forecasts, while  wireless technology provider Qualcomm Inc. QCOM.O limited  gains on the Nasdaq after saying an accounting review may  reduce pretax income.	2
Rick Fox Retires Rick Fox retires Thursday, ending a 13-year pro career during which he was part of three NBA championship teams with the Los Angeles Lakers.	1
Microsoft, Polycom team on collaboration products Microsoft Corp. and Polycom Inc. have struck a multi-year agreement to link Microsoft's Office Live Communications Server with Polycom's conferencing products, the companies plan to announce Tuesday.	3
European Union Extends Review of Microsoft Deal By PAUL GEITNER    BRUSSELS, Belgium (AP) -- Software giant Microsoft Corp. (MSFT) and the media and entertainment powerhouse Time Warner Inc...	3
GAME DAY PREVIEW Game time: 7:30 PM NEW YORK (Ticker) -- After a season in which they fired their coach, the New York Liberty are hosting the top-seeded Connecticut Sun Friday in Game One of the best-of-three Eastern Conference finals.	1
Expanding West Major League Soccer's two expansion teams, Real Salt Lake and Club Deportivo Chivas USA, will join the Western Conference for the 2005 season.	1
Xamlon looks to beat Microsoft to the punch This fourth priority's main focus has been improving or obtaining CRM and ERP software for the past year and a half. Software engineer and entrepreneur Paul Colton thinks he can beat Microsoft by taking a page from its play book--literally.	3
UPDATE 2-TD, Banknorth in talks on possible deal Toronto Dominion Bank (TD.TO: Quote, Profile, Research) said on Wednesday that it is in talks with US-based Banknorth Group (BNK.N: Quote, Profile, Research) about a possible deal, in line with the Canadian bank's push for 	2
Dover's place in 'Chase' looks secure NASCAR officials spent several days last December going through different scenarios when they met to come up with their "Chase for the Nextel Cup" plan.	1
Cablevision Narrows Loss on Revenue Surge Cablevision Systems Corp. on Tuesday said it narrowed its third-quarter loss as revenue jumped 20 percent, buoyed by subscriber growth.	2
Revolving Door   IN    Aylwin B. Lewis,  president of Yum Brands, as chief executive of Kmart.	0
Ivory Coast arms embargo backed ABIDJAN, Ivory Coast -- African leaders backed an arms embargo and other immediate UN sanctions against Ivory Coast yesterday, isolating President Laurent Gbagbo's hard-line government even further in its deadly confrontation with its former colonial ruler, France.	0
ROCASTLE OFFERS SUPPORT TO NOVO Hibernian midfielder Craig Rocastle has promised to back Rangers striker Nacho Novo if he decides to appeal against the red card he picked up at Easter Road.	1
Israel resumes Gaza pull-out debate Israeli MPs have resumed a debate on Prime Minister Ariel Sharon's disengagement plan, which is expected to culminate in a historic vote in favour of a pull-out of troops and settlers from the Gaza Strip.	0
New planes fly to battle locusts The United Nations is flying six more aircraft to combat swarms of crop-devouring locusts in west Africa.	0
Paisley's decision over disarmament awaited Northern Ireland's politicians have an anxious wait as the Reverend Ian Paisley decides whether to endorse an historic deal with Sinn Fein.	0
USA : Wal-Mart predicts bumper Christmas Wal-Mart Stores Inc, the world's biggest retailer, informed it was confident to see "another record quarter and a successful holiday season" after posting solid third-quarter results.	2
Williams' Status at USC Still Unresolved (AP) AP - Standout receiver Mike Williams is all but certain not to play Saturday night when top-ranked Southern California opens its season because of continuing delays in the school's appeal process to the NCAA. After that, who knows? USC has applied to the NCAA for a progress-toward-degree waiver and reinstatement of Williams' eligibility.	1
Avis blames IT for multimillion-dollar loss The car rental company takes a major hit because of problems with IT, including high costs associated with an ERP project.	3
Dominant US captures gold with 79th straight win The US softball team completed its scorched-earth run through the Olympics on Monday with a 5-1 win over Australia, America's third straight gold medal.	1
Red Sox Stumble and Fumble Their Way to Series Lead  ST LOUIS (Reuters) - So much for the "Curse of the  Bambino."	1
Fierce Clashes in Iraq Kill 34 People BAGHDAD, Iraq - U.S. forces battled insurgents loyal to Shiite cleric Muqtada al-Sadr in the Baghdad slum of Sadr City on Tuesday, in clashes that left at least 34 people dead, including one American soldier, and 193 people injured, U.S...	0
Germany, France support Turkish invitation to EU membership talks (AFP) AFP - Germany and France both support inviting to European Union membership talks at a summit in December in Brussels, Chancellor Gerhard Schroeder said.	0
Cisco to debut new router family Internet hardware giant Cisco Systems is said to be preparing to launch a new family of routers that can manage both voice and data applications.	3
Singapore Airlines confirms sale of Air NZ stake SYDNEY - Singapore Airlines announced on Tuesday the sale of its "non-core" 6.3 stake in Air New Zealand, ending a four-year strategic investment in the now government-owned carrier.	2
Munro, Morris Face Off in NLCS Game 2 ST. LOUIS - The Houston Astros put their hopes in a pitcher untested in the postseason when they give Pete Munro the ball to start Game 2 of the NL Championship series on Thursday, one night after dropping the opener to the St...	0
Terror Suspect Escapes From Bahrain Court A terror suspect escaped from court in Bahrain Monday after a judge renewed the detention order and three fellow detainees for 30 days.	0
Toy store profits R back up TOY retailer Toys R Us has posted a second-quarter profit, over- turning the loss it made over the same period the year before. The New Jersey-based group, which is considering quitting the toys business, turned 	2
Molson Will Pay Dividend to Push Through Coors Merger (Update6) Molson Inc., Canada's biggest beermaker, said it will pay minority shareholders a special dividend to overcome opposition to its planned C$3.	2
Nations Use Net to Spy, Plot Attacks Ex-Bush Aide (Reuters) Reuters - The world's most advanced military powers are using the Internet to spy on their enemies and prepare digital attacks against rogue targets, a leading cyber security expert said on Friday.	3
Board with Mukesh: Reliance Mumbai, Nov. 26: Mukesh Ambani apparently commands the full support of the board on all recent decisions, including the controversial one that elevated him to the final authority in the group.	2
Sprint, Nextel to Combine Sprint Corp. and Nextel Communications Inc. on Wednesday announced plans to merge, creating a more formidable rival to the two largest US mobile operators, and a large wireline communications company supporting 	2
California is joining probe of insurers California's top insurance regulator said Wednesday he will file a civil suit shortly in the widening scandal over insurance industry sales practices.	2
SAS Braathens to cut Gatwick, Geneva flights blackhawk writes "SAS Braathens, the Norwegian unit of Scandinavian airline SAS, will cut Oslo routes to Geneva and London Gatwick in the first step of a plan to eliminate 10 routes.	2
USC Fires Basketball Coach Henry Bibby (AP) AP - Henry Bibby was fired as Southern California's basketball coach Monday, just four games into his ninth season. The Trojans, beset by some player dissension, are 2-2.	1
Putin doubts date of the elections, Allawi confirms it will be ... The Russian President Vladimir Putin has expressed his doubt that the Iraqi elections will be held at their due time. Putin said during his meeting with the Interim Iraqi prime minister Eyad Allawi that he 	0
Point-counterpoint: Nets stifle Knicks Jason Kidd had the pass of the night, an off-the-backboard, alley-oop feed that Vince Carter dunked, and the New Jersey Nets defeated the New York Knicks and their self-proclaimed "best point guard in the NBA," 93-87, last night at Madison Square Garden. Kidd didn't outplay point guard counterpart Stephon Marbury, who made that bold declaration the previous day at practice.	1
Eichel Wants Strong Euro on G20 Agenda German Finance Minister Eichel called for the euro's "brutal" rise versus the dollar to be put on the agenda of the summit of G20 countries in Berlin this weekend amid concerns the greenback's slide could hit EU growth.	2
Don't expect Tiger to relinquish his top ranking without a fight They're calling Ohio a "battleground state," one of the two or three places likely to decide November's presidential election. On local TV, the Bush and Kerry ads air so frequently that it's easy to forget it's Bob Costas who actually runs the country. 	1
Spaniards to run Luton airport after 551m deal Luton, Cardiff and Belfast International airports are to fall into the hands of a Spanish toll motorways operator through a 551m takeover of the aviation group TBI by a Barcelona-based Abertis Infrastructure.	2
Bono at Apple promo p2pnet.net News:- "Select" members of the press on Monday have received an invitation to a special Apple iTunes / iPod promo slated for October 16, says MacCentral.	3
Sun settles Kodak patent suit Sun Microsystems says it will pay Kodak $92 million to settle a high-profile patent suit involving Sun's Java programming technology.	2
Pricey Drug Trials Turn Up Few New Blockbusters The $500 billion drug industry is stumbling badly in its core business of finding new medicines, while aggressively marketing existing drugs.	0
Taliban suicide bomber kills girl, wounds 6 others KABUL - A man with six grenades strapped to his body killed himself and a 12-year-old girl on a busy street in Kabul Saturday, police said.	0
Bonds' contract reworked; will stage assault on Aaron's record as ... Now that Barry Bonds is assured of staying with the San Francisco Giants for two more seasons, he already is looking beyond. His children won't let him think about retirement just yet.	1
Experts Predict Mount St. Helens Eruption (AP) AP - The flurry of earthquakes at Mount St. Helens intensified further Thursday, and one scientist put the chance of a small eruption happening in the next few days at 70 percent.	3
Hurricane center's projection on Charley not far off, data show FORT LAUDERDALE, Fla. - (KRT) - Despite criticism that it should have better anticipated Hurricane Charley's rapid intensification and quick turn, the National Hurricane Center's forecast wasn't that far off, a preliminary post-mortem shows. 	3
Rumsfeld to Meet Foreign Defense Chiefs on Iraq  MANAMA (Reuters) - Defense Secretary Donald Rumsfeld was  set to meet defense chiefs from about 18 nations aboard a U.S.  aircraft carrier in the Gulf Saturday as the United States  looks to improve the security situation in Iraq with January  elections looming.	0
Tigers exercise Trammell's option The Tigers face plenty of decisions on players from here on out. Their option on the manager was a quick one. Two days after Alan Trammell completed his second season at 	1
Miller Takes Fourth Win in Five Races  BEAVER CREEK, Colorado (Reuters) - American Bode Miller won  a men's World Cup Alpine skiing downhill on Friday for his  phenomenal fourth victory in five races.	1
Rooney going nowhere unless price is right: Moyes England striker on his way. Or is he? Will it be St James' Park or Old Trafford? Or will he remain at Goodison? Although Wayne Rooney today handed in a transfer request, and set in motion his seemingly inevitable 	1
News: FBI seizes computers in first-ever criminal action against P2P network The Associated Press By Curt Anderson	3
Injured Heskey to miss England friendly NEWCASTLE, England (AP) - Striker Emile Heskey has pulled out of the England squad ahead of Wednesday's friendly against Ukraine because of a tight hamstring, the Football Association said Tuesday. 	1
Will Putin misuse Beslan terrorism? THE UNSPEAKABLE tragedy in Beslan, the town in Southern Russia where terrorists seized a school on the first day of class and where more than 300 people 	0
Dillon Relishes Icing Victory Of the 115 rushing yards Corey Dillon rolled up against the Jets on Sunday, it was the final 12 that might have been the most important.	1
Rosetta Mission Sniffing a Comet The European Rosetta mission will sample a comet as it tries to harpoon and hook onto its surface. A specially designed oven will cook the comet in analogy to sniffing for recognizable elements.	3
Streamlined Cable TV in a Card An innovation called the CableCard, which slides into a slot on the back of many new TV sets, is meant to eliminate the cable box. So why aren't cable customers hearing more about it?	3
Caymas to open with security gateways Security start-up Caymas Systems launches Monday with products to protect the flow of corporate data.	3
Putin's policies at fault The spate of terrorist attacks in Russia illustrates that President Vladimir V. Putin's hard-line policy in Chechnya is failing to resolve that conflict or to make Russians safer.	0
Travelocity Says Speed Is the Ticket For Growth Sam Gilliand, the chief executive of Travelocity, talks about the online travel industry, the Cendant-Orbitz merger and the woes of the airline industry.	3
Walking link to low dementia risk Walking may protect the elderly from developing dementia, research suggests.	0
Kerry Widens Lead in California, Poll Finds (Reuters) Reuters - Democratic challenger John Kerry has a commanding lead over President Bush in California of 54 percent to 38 percent among likely voters, a poll released on Tuesday found.	0
Cold War deserter jailed after 40 years The long, strange journey of Charles Robert Jenkins reached a tearful climax with a 30-day sentence in a military prison and a dishonourable discharge from the United States Army he deserted for North Korea almost 40 years ago.	0
Singapore Shares End Lower Singapore shares ended lower Monday, hurt by below-expected third-quarter economic data that added to ongoing concerns over high oil prices and weakness on Wall Street.	2
Sparks fly in Gold Fields bid battle The bitterly fought $8.1bn (4.5bn) bid battle for control of Gold Fields is set to become even more acrimonious this week when Harmony Gold Mining launches a fresh attack on its target's track record.	2
Warne's career 1992: Makes Test debut against India in January. In two Tests against India his overall figures are 1-228. Australian wicketkeeper Rod Marsh invites him to return to the Adelaide Academy and his career is 	1
Seven suspected terrorists arrested in Spain Spain's Interior Minister says police have broken up a radical Muslim cell, plotting to bomb the country's National Court.	0
Stocks Higher on Drop in Jobless Claims A sharp drop in initial unemployment claims and bullish forecasts from Nokia and Texas Instruments sent stocks higher in early trading Thursday.	2
Glazer could bid for Manchester United this week: reports LONDON : US sports tycoon Malcolm Glazer could launch a takeover bid for English football giants Manchester United this week after securing financing and making contact with the club's largest shareholders, newspapers here reported.	1
How Deadly Are Scorpions? A Malaysian woman has broken the world record for time spent living in a scorpion-filled box. Nur Malena Hassan, 27, has so far endured 32 days in a glass case with 6,069 scorpions; she 	0
Iran Suspends Key Nuclear Work to Avoid Sanctions Iran on Monday froze sensitive nuclear work including uranium enrichment in a move likely to thwart US efforts to report the Islamic state to the UN Security Council for possible sanctions.	0
Major teams bounce back in World Cup soccer qualifiers LONDON: After a mixed bag of results in the weekend's soccer qualifiers, Europe's major countries asserted their authority this morning with France, England and Italy all winning away.	1
Turkey Faces Long Road to EU Membership The European Commission's cautious recommendation that Turkey begin membership negotiations puts the country a step closer to realizing its dream of joining Europe -- but 	0
UPDATE 3-Alliance Capital profit rises in third quarter Alliance Capital Management Holdings LP (AC.N: Quote, Profile, Research) , one of the biggest US money managers, on Thursday said its profit rose in the third quarter 	2
Oil firms above $50 as Bush nears win Oil prices jumped above $50 a barrel this morning, supported by US election tallies projecting a slim lead for President George W Bush.	2
Outsourcing to Arkansas A new kid on the block promises to give offshore outsourcing a run for its money--by routing technology work to rural America. Outsourcing Blog	3
Study: MP3 player market to explode IDC says there's tough competition ahead for the iPod as manufacturers launch rival portable jukeboxes.	3
Oil Prices Rise Despite US Move To Draw On Strategic Reserve NEW YORK, Sept 23 (AFP) - Oil prices edged closer to record territory Thursday as markets shrugged off news that the US government may draw from its strategic reserves to make up for shortages due to Hurricane Ivan.	2
Dubois helps Maine top Dartmouth David Dubois scored a game-high 17 points as Maine held on for a 58-52 men's basketball victory over Dartmouth last night at Hanover, N.H.	1
Vietnam Opens Bunker Used by Ho Chi Minh (AP) AP - Behind thick concrete walls and iron doors, Ho Chi Minh and other top Vietnamese leaders hid in secret underground tunnels during U.S. B-52 bombing raids to plot key military strategies that led to America's defeat in the Vietnam War.	0
Radcliffe awaits gun for start of Russian roulette For the 3,000 Britons who will run in the New York City marathon next month the most important thing will be to finish the 26.2-mile race, in order to achieve a sense of personal fulfilment.	1
IBM delivers Power-based servers with Linux IBM will push its Power5 line of servers down into the low end of the market, taking Linux with it, when it unwraps an aggressively priced series of Linux-only systems on Monday that will go up against the offerings of Sun Microsystems and Hewlett-Packard 	3
Key Martha Witness Gets Wrist Slap (CBS/AP) A former brokerage assistant who helped Martha Stewart make her fateful stock trade and later emerged as a key government witness was spared both prison and probation Friday for accepting a payoff during the government's investigation.	2
Large Explosion Shakes Downtown Baghdad (AP) AP - A large explosion shook downtown Baghdad on Sunday night, but its cause could not immediately be determined.	0
EPA: U.S. Waterways Contain Polluted Fish (AP) AP - One of every three lakes in the United States, and nearly one-quarter of the nation's rivers contain enough pollution that people should limit or avoid eating fish caught there.	3
Radcliffe withdrawal not due to injury World record holder Paula Radcliffe's tearful withdrawal from the women's Olympic marathon yesterday was not due to injury, the British team says.	1
Calvin Murphy removed as Rockets broadcaster Murphy will go to trial Nov. 4 on charges he molested his daughters, a state district judge said Tuesday. Murphy is charged with three counts of indecency with a child and three counts of aggravated sexual assault, punishable by up to life in prison.	1
Manpower forecasts positive 4Q hiring pattern Fourth quarter hiring in the Buffalo Niagara Falls market is expected to be on the rise according to the latest Manpower Employment Outlook Survey.	2
Coding Viruses for the Mind If as some have suggested religions are viruses of the mind, then it might make sense to separate the components of any given religion into two parts. The first part being those things which are necessary to maintain viral infection and which assist in the infection of new hosts. The second part is the payload: Those instructions which the virus writer wishes those who have been infected to carry out or execute.     My hope is that this method of analysis will assist others in understanding the structure of existing religions as well as those who aim to write one from scratch	3
How airlines stand Here's where some of the largest US and Canadian airlines stand in terms of restructuring their operations: - Air Canada: Will emerge from bankruptcy protection by end of September, with a smaller workforce, a reduced fleet, a focus on the no-frills 	2
Chavez Visit to Spain Sparks Coup Controversy  MADRID (Reuters) - Venezuelan President Hugo Chavez's  fence-mending visit to Spain sparked political uproar on  Tuesday when Madrid for the first time backed his allegations  that the former Spanish government backed a coup against him.	0
Israeli army set to unveil stink bomb JERUSALEM: The Israeli army is set to unveil a new weapon designed to get under the noses of Palestinians - a massive stink bomb. A report in the Maariv daily on Wednesday said that the military, which has 	0
Speak Clearly and Carry a Manual Ten years after it unveiled its first dream house, Microsoft has a new demonstration home showcasing technology that Microsoft is betting will become commonplace within a few years.	3
US official murdered in Baghdad WASHINGTON: A US State Department official who worked with the Iraqi ministers of education and higher education was murdered in Baghdad by a group linked to Abu Musab al-Zarqawi, the group claimed on Thursday.	0
Cink Leads NEC Invitational by One Shot (AP) AP - Free from the burden of trying to make the Ryder Cup team, Stewart Cink looked at ease Thursday on a marathon day at the NEC Invitational that ended with his name atop the leaderboard.	1
UConn passes first test Dan Orlovsky threw for 382 yards and tied his school record with five touchdown passes to lead Connecticut to a 52-14 win over Murray State yesterday in East Hartford.	1
Semiconductor Manufacturing to Boost Capacity by Half (Update2) Semiconductor Manufacturing International Corp., China's biggest supplier of made-to-order chips, said its factory capacity will rise by more than half in the second half as the company brings more plants on line.	3
Groups Petition U.S. on China Policies (AP) AP - A group of industry, farm and labor groups, seeking to put pressure on the Bush administration before the presidential election, petitioned the government on Thursday to file an unfair trade practices case against China.	0
Legal expert joins open-source screening firm Open Source Initiative general counsel Larry Rosen is now an advisor to Black Duck Software.	3
Finley finds a home with Angels CBC SPORTS ONLINE - Steve Finley will remain on the West Coast, but he's decided to return to the American League after 14 seasons.	1
Freddie's goal rage FED-UP Freddie Ljungberg says Arsenal must stop letting in stupid goals or face another season of Euro heartache. The disappointed Swede reckons the Gunners have already wasted a golden opportunity 	1
Toile Gets A Makeover The traditional pattern shakes its fussy image as designers give it a new look	2
$210M Fine In AOL Probe WASHINGTON (CBS) America Online has agreed to pay a $210 million fine to settle a Justice Department investigation of securities fraud, a department official tells CBS News.	2
Oracle's sweet on PeopleSoft Oracle sweetened its hostile bid for rival business software maker PeopleSoft to $9.2 billion, a 14 increase aimed at resolving the long-running takeover battle between the bitter foes.	2
Warped Satellites Prove Einstein Theory -Scientists Einstein was right -- again. Satellites that have been pulled slightly off their orbits show that the Earth is indeed twisting the fabric 	3
Yanks shock Twins, earn date with Sox: Another late rally erases 4 ... Just when you think you've seen it all, the Yankees devise a new way to win a game and torture their opponents. Last night, they somehow landed a spot in the American League 	1
Greek Orthodox patriarch is accident victim Vatican, Sep. 13 (CWNews.com) - The Greek Orthodox Patriarch Petros VII of Alexandria was killed in a helicopter crash on September 11, along with several other Orthodox prelates, as he traveled to Mount Athos.	0
No Sign of El Nino in Pacific for Now - Scientists (Reuters) Reuters - Sea temperatures in the southeastern Pacific show no sign of bringing extreme "El Nino" weather conditions in the next two months, Peru's Maritime Institute (IMARPE) said on Tuesday.	3
SpaceShipOne Rolls Toward Victory MOJAVE, California -- A Southern California aerospace team took a big step toward capturing the $10 million Ansari X Prize Wednesday, but not without surviving a scary moment when the pilot found himself in a rapid spin as he roared across the threshold 	3
EBay Expands PayPal Buyer Protection Up to $1,000 PayPal, eBay Inc.'s (EBAY.O: Quote, Profile, Research) online payment service, will expand its US buyer protection program to cover up to $1,000 for qualified transactions, the company said on Thursday.	3
What they said about ... ... Cherie Blair Cherie Blair cast aside her treasured privacy this week, touring newspapers offices and television studios to promote The Goldfish Bowl, her new book, which focuses on Downing Street spouses.	0
Mobile phone sales to beat fixed lines in 2004: report (AFP) AFP - Mobile phones are expected to generate more money this year than traditional fixed-line services for the first time due to surging demand in developing countries such as China, India and Russia, an annual industry report said.	3
Human error at EDS to blame for UK outage Electronic Data Systems has admitted that an error by one of its computer operators during a Microsoft Windows upgrade caused 40,000 PCs at the United Kingdom's Department of Work and Pensions to crash last month.	3
Gates, Ballmer pay holds at about $900,000 Paychecks stay the same for the top two, but compensation changes for other Microsoft workers as stock grants replace options.	3
Oil Prices Edge Below $49 a Barrel (Reuters) Reuters - Oil prices edged below $49 a barrel on Wednesday as traders looked ahead to an expected build in weekly U.S. inventory data that would help bolster the thin supply cushion ahead of peak northern winter demand.	2
Work done, Phelps basks in gold glor And on the eighth day, Michael Phelps actually got to rest. After swimming some 18 races in Olympic competition, Phelps was a mere spectator last night, watching his teammates cap a terrific week for the US swim team.	1
BearingPoint CFO Out; Error Found McLean technology consulting company BearingPoint Inc. said yesterday that its chief financial officer, Robert S. Falcone, would retire on Nov. 30.	3
Apple unveils super thin iMac in Paris (AFP) AFP - Apple Computers launched the newest version of its iMac model, which at two inches thick, is the world's thinnest desktop computer, the company said.	3
Iran shuts reformist websites WEBSITES CLOSE to Iran's leading reformist party have been blocked by religious hardliners in the police bureau of public morals.	3
Northwest fee increase has agents crying foul The airline said it will begin paying only $5 of the $12.50 cost of booking a Northwest ticket through a global distribution system such as Sabre or Galileo starting Wednesday.	2
Safety concerns stand in way of space tourism Thrill seekers are plunking down six figures to ride rockets not even been built yet, and a new airline called Virgin Galactic promises to be soaring in the next three years.	3
Climate change and unfamiliar species leave Inuit lost for words Global warming is increasingly rendering Inuit and other Arctic peoples at a loss for words. They simply do not have names in their languages for the temperate species flocking up from the south.	3
King Singh ... at last! The No. 1 golfer in the world is on his way to Glen Abbey for this week's Canadian Open. No, Tiger Woods hasn't changed his plans.	1
New Siebel Chief Outlines Chapter 2 For CRM Vendor After 10 years of focusing on product development and delivery, CEO Michael Lawrie says Siebel had to recognize that technology is only one part of the CRM equation.	2
Google Lowers Its IPO Price Range SAN JOSE, Calif. - In a sign that Google Inc.'s initial public offering isn't as popular as expected, the company lowered its estimated price range to between $85 and $95 per share, down from the earlier prediction of $108 and $135 per share...	0
Gas explosion in Chinese coal mine leaves 56 dead, scores  missing (Canadian Press) Canadian Press - BEIJING (AP) - A gas explosion in a coal mine in central China killed 56 people and left scores trapped and missing, the government said Thursday.	0
Zimbabwe will not invite imperialists to observe elections ... HARARE - The Zimbabwe government will not invite imperialist countries to observe its elections due to be held in March next year, a Saturday newspaper quoted President Robert Mugabe as saying.	0
Darfur rebel group promises to respect truce One rebel group in Sudan's troubled Darfur region Thursday pledged to fully respect a truce with the Sudanese government amid contradictory statements and international concern about an escalation in fighting.	0
FOAFKey: FOAF, PGP, Key Distribution, and Bloom Filters   FOAF/LOAF  and bloom filters have a lot of interesting properties for social etwork and whitelist distribution.  I think we can go one level higher though and include GPG/OpenPGP key fingerpring distribution in the FOAF file for simple web-of-trust based key distribution.  What if we used FOAF and included the PGP key fingerprint(s) for identities? This could mean a lot.  You include the PGP key fingerprints within the FOAF file of your direct friends and then include a bloom filter of the PGP key fingerprints of your entire whitelist (the source FOAF file would of course need to be encrypted ).  Your whitelist would be populated from the social network as your client discovered new identit ...  	3
Karzai set for visit to Pakistan Afghan President Hamid Karzai is to visit Pakistan to discuss fighting terror and boosting trade.	0
Pakistan Test-Fires Nuclear Missile Pakistan has successfully test fired a medium-range, nuclear-capable missile that could hit most cities in neighbouring India. Defence officials said the exercise was not intended as a message to the South Asian rival.	0
Oil Sets New Record $47 on Iraq Threat  LONDON (Reuters) - Oil prices surged to a new high of $47 a  barrel on Wednesday after a new threat by rebel militia against  Iraqi oil facilities and as the United States said inflation  had stayed in check despite rising energy costs.	2
Old Bones Give New Date for Giant Deer Demise (Reuters) Reuters - Many large mammals were wiped out in the last Ice Age but the Eurasian giant deer managed to survive, scientists said on Wednesday.	3
Hague Court Imposes Defense Counsel on Milosevic  THE HAGUE (Reuters) - Judges at The Hague tribunal on  Thursday imposed a defense counsel on former Yugoslav President  Slobodan Milosevic to avoid further delays in his war crimes  trial.	0
Cisco to acquire P-Cube for $200M SAN JOSE, Calif.Cisco Systems Inc. said it has agreed to acquire P-Cube for $200 million in stock and cash to enable service providers to further control and manage such advanced Internet Protocol services 	3
Study Ranks St. Louis as Fourth Most Dangerous City A new study ranks St. Louis as the fourth most dangerous city. Camden, New Jersey came in first, followed by Detroit and Atlanta. The rankings are in Morgan Quitno's "City Crime Rankings," an annual reference 	2
A PC in the toaster? How mod! photos There's also room in the humidor and the Darth Vader helmet. Take a gander at some strange and wonderful creations.	3
Delta gets tentative deal with pilots After 15 months of negotiations, Delta Air Lines Inc. has secured a tentative contract with its pilots, a move that might help the struggling carrier avoid a Chapter 11 bankruptcy filing.	2
Virus-Free Macs "The single most effective way to avoid viruses and spyware is to simply chuck Windows altogether and buy an Apple Macintosh," writes Walt Mossberg in the Wall Street Journal. "There has never been a successful virus written for Mac OS X, and there is almost no spyware that targets the Mac. Plus, the Mac is invulnerable to viruses and spyware written for Windows. Not only is it more secure, but the Mac operating system is more capable, more modern and more attractive than Windows XP, and just as stable." Sep 17	3
Picking Your Perfect PCI Express PC Way back in June I suggested you hold off on buying a new PC until systems with PCI Express shipped. The new technology has the potential to dramatically improve performance because it replaces the pokey old 	3
Rumours surround Google browser The search giant Google is rumoured to be working on its own web browser.	2
Taiwan votes on leaner parliament A vote is due to be held in Taiwan on plans to halve the number of seats in the island's famously heated legislature.	0
Coalition holds off efforts to take rebel-run cities US surgical strikes continue in Fallujah, Samarra, and Tal Afar. But US says Iraqi forces are not ready to launch major attacks. By Howard LaFranchi.	0
EU: Coke Anti-Trust Deal Not Set in Stone  BRUSSELS (Reuters) - A proposed settlement between  Coca-Cola Co. and the European Commission to end a long-running  antitrust case over fizzy drinks is not yet set in stone, the  European Union's executive said on Monday.	2
Gunfire Erupts During Powell Visit to Haiti  PORT-AU-PRINCE, Haiti (Reuters) - Shooting erupted on  Wednesday outside Haiti's presidential palace while Secretary  of State Colin Powell was inside talking with the interim  leaders of the violence-plagued country.	0
New $50 bill designed to counter counterfeits WASHINGTON - The green is still there, but with touches of blue, red and yellow. A stylized image of the Stars and Stripes now waves in the background.	2
Iran Rejects Any Deal to End Uranium Enrichment  TEHRAN (Reuters) - Iran said on Saturday it would reject  any proposal to halt uranium enrichment, a step European Union  diplomats are proposing to end a row over whether Iran is  seeking atomic weapons.	0
Lehmann may have played last Test The 34-year-old tore his right hamstring on day one of the third Test against India at the VCA Ground just as he was presenting a very good case to be retained when captain Ricky Ponting returns from injury next week.	1
Jaret Wright back in the postseason spotlight with Braves Jaret Wright couldn't get much lower: Waived by a last-place team, he stood outside Houston's Minute Maid Park with his luggage stacked beside him, waiting for a cab that would take him to the airport.	1
Real targets iPod with download price cut RealNetworks has kicked off what it claims is the biggest online music sale in history. For a limited time, every song in the firm's RealPlayer Music Store can be downloaded for 49 cents, with most albums available for $4.99. 	3
2 Ex-Officers Nabbed in Venezuela Slaying National Guard troops arrested two brothers Friday in connection with a state prosecutor's killing, just days after two suspects in the car bombing case were shot dead by police, authorities said.	0
Stocks in a rut According to the FTSE World Index Japan has been best performer of the major markets with a 6 per cent rise in dollar terms while Germany, down 7.7 per cent, was the worst.	2
US rate rise locked in for Wednesday (AFP) AFP - The unexpected boom in US job creation in October has locked in an interest rate rise and will likely encourage another tightening in December, analysts said.	2
Microsoft To Ship Longhorn in 2006 Without WinFS Microsoft will ship its next Windows client code-named Longhorn in 2006 as originally promised -- but without the next-generation file system known as WinFS.	3
Internet pioneer closes Manitoba pharmacy; blames dollar, uncertain climate (Canadian Press) Canadian Press - WINNIPEG (CP) - Just one year ago, Mark Rzepka was opening a $1-million Internet pharmacy in the small Manitoba town of Niverville believing he would be able to quadruple his staff within 12 months.	0
UK cannot hold suspects indefinitely (OfficialWire) -- 12/16/04 -- Britain's highest court ruled Thursday against holding terror suspects without trial, saying the government cannot detain terror suspects indefinitely without trial.	0
AMD Ships Notebook Chips It wasn't the first to go small, and it won't be the biggest producer, but AMD's (Quote, Chart) 64-bit 90-nanometer (nm) chips are expected to make waves in the semiconductor pool. 	3
Myanmar Releases Hundreds of Prisoners Two prominent pro-democracy leaders were among hundreds of prisoners released from a Myanmar prison on Sunday as part of a broad amnesty granted by the country's ruling junta, the prisoners and family members said.	0
No. 18 Boise St. 69, Hawaii 3 Jared Zabransky and the No. 18 Boise State Broncos reduced Timmy Chang's bid to break the NCAA Division IA passing record to a footnote Friday night, routing Hawaii 69-3 for their 19th straight victory.	1
IBM recalls 225,000 laptop adapters The adapters can overheat and cause damage to the circuit board, according to a safety agency. WASHINGTON: IBM will recall about 225,000 AC power adapters for several models of its laptop computer because 	3
Cricket-Sri Lanka's wicketkeeper calls it quits COLOMBO (AFP) - Sri Lanka's wicketkeeper Romesh Kaluwitharana has announced his retirement from international cricket after being left out of the squad for next month's tour to New Zealand.	1
Santander: Rejects Spanish court tax ruling on execs LONDON (CBS.MW) -- Spain's Banco Santander (STD) said it was in "complete disagreement with a judicial decision" on Wednesday after a Spanish court ruling on tax fraud in a case dating from the 1980s.	2
Fed Expected to Stay the Course for Now If there is a good rule of thumb about the Federal Reserve, it is this: A startling economic report is not enough to sway policy. When the Labor Department reported 	2
Australia 'living beyond its means' Environmental organisation WWF International has warned that the global population is consuming about 20 per cent more natural resources than the planet can produce.	3
Former Philippine presidential candidate in deteriorating ... The former presidential candidate and movie actor Fernando Poe Jr.'s condition has deteriorated after he suffered a stroke, doctors said Monday.	0
Ravens Star Jamal Lewis Pleads Guilty to Drug Charge (Reuters) Reuters - Baltimore Ravens football star Jamal Lewis pleaded guilty on Thursday to using a cell phone to try to broker a cocaine deal, avoiding more serious federal drug charges that could have sent him to prison for life.	1
Project Megagrid shows off business side of grid Hoping to prove that grid computing can work in the business world, Dell, EMC, Intel and Oracle have announced a joint effort designed to show business users how to use the distributed computing technology.	3
Israel's Sharon Survives Two No-Confidence Votes (Reuters) Reuters - Prime Minister Ariel Sharon survived two no-confidence votes in Israel's parliament on Monday, clinging to power as he seeks to push through a disputed plan for withdrawal from some occupied territory.	0
Same-sex divorce rules still hazy Now that an Ontario couple has been given Canada's first same-sex divorce, experts are divided over just how easy it will be for gays and lesbians in other provinces to end their marriages.	0
EU Move on Cyprus Eases Way for Turkey Deal  BRUSSELS (Reuters) - The European Union and Turkey inched  toward a historic agreement on starting membership talks on  Friday as EU leaders softened their demands on the crucial  sticking point of Cyprus.	0
Monkey chant fan banned from football for five years A football supporter who racially abused Dwight Yorke, the Premiership striker, was banned yesterday from every soccer stadium in England and Wales for five years.	1
Groups Eager to Meet With Bush, Kerry (AP) AP - Organizations representing the nation's 3 million scientists, engineers and doctors have invited both presidential candidates to have a word with them - online.	3
McCain again opposes the president Global warming needs more attention, according to John McCain, and President Bush needs to lead the way. I listened to some of the hearings on this subject this week, and I must say the people testifying are 	3
Stocks Edge Higher As Oil Prices Retreat NEW YORK - A sharp drop in oil prices gave Wall Street a modest relief rally Monday, with stocks edging higher on news that oil production had soared during the month of September.    Investors who have sold stocks for months as oil prices climbed reversed course Monday and started buying as the price of crude declined...	0
Israeli Held Meetings With U.S. Analyst (AP) AP - A senior Israeli diplomat in Washington has met with a Pentagon analyst being investigated by the FBI on suspicion he passed classified information to Israel, Israeli officials confirmed Monday.	0
US opening oil reserve NEW YORK (CNN/Money) - The federal government said Thursday it plans to loan a limited amount of crude oil from the nation's strategic reserve in a bid to offset shortages caused by Hurricane Ivan.	2
Europeans Eat Less of Dangerous Fatty Foods By PAUL GEITNER    BRUSSELS, Belgium (AP) -- Europeans eat less of the most dangerous, cholesterol-raising fats than Americans do and the amount is decreasing, according to a report released Wednesday by the European Food Safety Authority.    Scientists at the European Food Safety authority declined to say whether the EU should follow the United States' lead and require special labels on margarine, chips, cookies, fries and other potential sources of trans fatty acids...	3
Hoyas Beat The Citadel New coach John Thompson III gets his first victory as Georetown routs the Citadel, 69-34, behind 23 points from Brandon Bowman.	1
Oracle uses Apple storage gear Apple Computer's rack-mounted storage system received a vote of confidence Monday, with database giant Oracle endorsing the Xserve RAID as part of an initiative to cut storage costs.	3
N Korea crisis talks set to resume A top North Korean official has flagged the resumption of multilateral talks over the country's efforts to develop nuclear weapons.	0
New Rainbow Six Franchise for Spring 2005 SAN FRANCISCO, CA - November 30, 2004 -Ubisoft, one of the world's largest video game publishers, today announced its plans to launch the next installment in the Tom Clancy's Rainbow SixR franchise for the Sony PlayStationR2 computer entertainment system 	3
Astronomers Spot Monster Collision of Galaxies (Reuters) Reuters - If you think Earth is a mess, consider the turmoil in the constellation Hydra, where astronomers have spotted two monster galactic clusters slamming together in one of the biggest collisions ever recorded.	3
Russian atmosphere hard for Westerners The government has eviscerated Russia's Western-style oil company, Yukos, in what has been widely viewed as political payback.	2
Karzai Promises Afghans Security for Election (Reuters) Reuters - Afghanistan's President Hamid Karzai promised Afghans greater security when they go to vote in the country's first ever democratic election during an independence day speech on Wednesday.	0
ACLU Seeks to Challenge Gay Adoption Ban (AP) AP - The American Civil Liberties Union asked the Supreme Court on Friday to hear its challenge to Florida's ban on adoptions by gays.	0
BP Beats Q3 Forecasts on High Oil Price (Reuters) Reuters - BP Plc, the world's second largest oil company, reported bumper third-quarter earnings on Tuesday on the back of high oil prices.	2
Social Security Reform a Boon for Funds? (Reuters) Reuters - The bonanza many believe President Bush has handed the mutual fund industry with his plans to reform Social Security may be a mirage, industry leaders said on Friday.	2
Israel, Egypt in Prisoner Swap  CAIRO (Reuters) - Israel released six Egyptian students  from prison on Sunday as part of a deal which includes freedom  for Israeli businessman and convicted spy Azzam Azzam, Egyptian  security sources said.	0
Nortel Cuts Fewer Jobs, Exits Real Estate  OTTAWA (Reuters) - Nortel Networks Corp. NT.TO on  Thursday said it would eliminate about 10 percent of its work  force, slightly less than previously estimated, and consolidate  real estate in a cost-cutting plan that will save $500 million  in 2005.	2
Calif. Voters Back $3 Billion Stem Cell Measure (Reuters) Reuters - A controversial California ballot measure that would fund a decade of stem cell research with $3 billion in state money was headed for a resounding victory on Wednesday, initial returns showed.	3
Singh knocks Woods from No. 1 with victory at TPC of Boston For it to happen on Labor Day became a perfectly fitting reward for Vijay Singh, golf's most noted laborer. The man from Fiji who closes practices ranges for a living opened a new door in world golf Monday.	1
Nova Chemicals, BP to Form European Plastics Venture (Update1) Nova Chemicals Corp., Canada's largest chemical maker, and BP Plc, Europe's biggest oil company, agreed to merge their European styrenics polymer businesses into a 50-50 venture to reduce costs.	2
MCI Creditors Are Target Of  SEC Subpoenas 11 members of MCI Inc.'s former creditors committee asked for documents related to confidential communications between the company and its bondholders, according to federal bankruptcy court filings.	2
NAIA Coach Nears Matching Smith's Total (AP) AP - Harry Statham thought he was making a temporary stop when he took over as McKendree College's basketball coach in 1966. His dream was to win a state high school championship, but jobs at the premier high schools were hard to come by, especially for a young coach. Statham figured if he could put a few successful seasons together at McKendree, his alma mater, he'd be able to land a better job.	1
King Pong Draws Fans Spike TV's Video Game Awards Show attracts big-name celebrities and bands but gives the fans the votes.	3
Unions protest as overtime rules take effect WASHINGTON -- Hundreds of workers rallied on the steps of the Labor Department yesterday to protest the implementation of new rules they say will cause as many as 6 million Americans to lose their overtime pay. But the Bush administration officials who crafted the complex regulations insisted more workers will actually qualify for extra pay under the plan, which almost ...	2
Cocoa prices down but Ivorian exports still blocked World cocoa prices were down on Tuesday but off the day's lows as exports remained on hold after mob violence and military clashes in Ivory Coast, the key global supplier, traders said.	0
Fallujah Violence Leaves 10 Troops Dead (AP) AP - U.S. troops powered their way into the center of the insurgent stronghold of Fallujah on Tuesday, overwhelming small bands of guerrillas with massive force, searching homes along the city's deserted, narrow passageways and using loudspeakers to try to goad militants onto the streets.	0
Orange tells customers to Talk Now European carrier Orange is rolling out its own Push To Talk service ahead of efforts to create a standardized PTT system. European mobile carrier Orange has announced 	3
Greek sprinters quit to end Games scandal ATHENS (Reuters) - Greece's two top athletes have pulled out of the Athens Olympics and apologised to the Greek people for a scandal over missed dope tests that has tarnished the Games' return to their birthplace. 	1
United without key pair Keane was not with the squad flying out to the Czech capital after contracting a virus and Ferdinand, who would almost certainly have skippered United in the Irishmans absence, was due to attend his grandmothers funeral.	1
EU Wants U.S. Aid to Boeing Clarified (AP) AP - The European Union on Thursday demanded Washington explain more clearly how it subsidizes Boeing Co. and warned it would counter any U.S. challenge targeting EU rival Airbus SAS before the World Trade Organization.	0
PayPal Outages Persist, Worry Users Sporadic outages at PayPal stretched into a fifth day on Tuesday, though the company late in the day reported that access had returned to normal for most users.	3
Merck Pulls Arthritis Drug from Market  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Merck   Co Inc. MRK.N pulled its  arthritis drug Vioxx off the market on Thursday after a study  showed it doubled the risk of heart attack and stroke. The move  sent the company's shares plunging almost 27 percent and erased  $25 billion of its market value.	2
Google partners with libraries Google's plan to digitally scan books so that users can access them from its Internet search engine is being greeted with delight at the tiny library in my hometown of Half Moon Bay, Calif.	3
Dollar Gains Vs Yen (Reuters) Reuters - The dollar rose to a five-week high against the yen on Thursday as rising oil prices hurt Asian currencies and the market decided that U.S. interest rates were still on a rising path.	2
Astros 2, Cardinals 1 Jeff Bagwell drove in two runs and Brandon Backe pitched five solid innings to help the Houston Astros gain ground in the NL wild-card race with a 2-1 win over the St.	1
Hungary's Parliament Elects Prime Minister (AP) AP - Parliament on Wednesday elected one of Hungary's wealthiest businessmen as prime minister, ending two months of political uncertainty.	0
Ex-General Has Early Lead Over Megawati in Indonesia  JAKARTA (Reuters) - Early returns in Indonesia's  presidential elections Monday gave a lead to ex-general Susilo  Bambang Yudhoyono, who has vowed firmer leadership to fight  terror and boost the economy, over incumbent Megawati  Sukarnoputri.	0
UPDATE 1-Bayern rein in Wolfsburg with Pizarro double Bayern Munich reined in Bundesliga leaders Wolfsburg on Tuesday with a 2-0 victory, courtesy of a double strike from Peruvian striker Claudio Pizarro in his first match in a month.	1
Hokies to Open ACC Play On Saturday, Virginia Tech finally walks into the football room of that exclusive athletic club known as the Atlantic Coast Conference.	1
Freddie Mac: Investment Portfolio Grew  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Freddie Mac FRE.N said on Thursday  its mortgage investments, or retained portfolio, grew at an  annualized rate of 20.8 percent in July, compared with a 19.4  percent increase in June.	2
Dollar Steady Ahead of Jobs Report  LONDON (Reuters) - The dollar held firm above this week's  record low against the euro on Friday, with dealers reluctant  to take positions ahead of key U.S. jobs figures.	2
Global foreign investment falls Foreign investment levels decline in 2003, a UN report reveals, but there are signs of recovery - especially among developing nations.	2
Collingwood anchors England (AFP) AFP - Paul Collingwood's unbeaten 80 took England to 299 for seven against Zimbabwe in their opening Champions Trophy Pool D match at Edgbaston here.	0
US Space Agency Improves Shuttle Safety, Management The US space agency, NASA, continues work on improving the safety of the space shuttle, before the fleet of orbiters resumes its visits to the international space station next year.	3
Indians Mount Charge The Cleveland Indians pulled within one game of the AL Central lead by beating the Minnesota Twins, 7-1, Saturday night with home runs by Travis Hafner and Victor Martinez.	1
Air Canada confirms order for 45 Embraer jets MONTREAL : Air Canada said it sealed a deal with Brazil's Embraer SA for 45 Embraer-190 aircraft, worth 1.35 billion US dollars at list price.	2
ECB "consensus" kept rates steady today European Central Bank president Jean-Claude Trichet has said that today's decision to leave euro interest rates unchanged reflected a broad consensus on the governing council of the bank.	2
Many NHL players head for Europe National Hockey League players began scattering across the globe yesterday in search of work on Day 1 of the lockout, with no negotiations scheduled between union and management.	1
Olympic Daily Preview - Thursday, August 19 Athens, Greece (Sports Network) - Wednesday night it was Paul Hamm's turn to shine for the United States, as he won the gold medal in the men's all-around competition. Will Thursday produce a sweep for the US at the Olympics? ...	1
Police, Peddlers Clash in Venezuelan City (AP) AP - Police and National Guard troops fired tear gas and plastic bullets at crowds of angry street vendors in Venezuela's capital Wednesday as officers tried to remove merchants from zones where they are barred from selling their wares.	0
USA : Textile industry to renew request to place embargo on ... The US textile industry officials would plead for blocking Chinese imports to the Bush administration this month. Earlier this year, the White House had rejected a similar request made by 130 Republican and Democratic members of Congress.	2
Jet lands in UK after bomb alert An Olympic Airlines flight on its way from Athens to New York is diverted to Stansted Airport after a security alert.	0
Business Technology: Microsoft And Its Blind Spot: Linux Steve Ballmer's letter to customers said nothing about the widespread reality of tens of thousands of Microsoft customers who are eager to deploy BOTH Windows and Linux.	3
England's Lawyers Try to Get Photos Thrown Out Lawyers for Pfc. Lynndie R. England sought Wednesday to throw out evidence at the heart of the Abu Ghraib prison scandal -- the now-infamous photos showing her smiling and pointing at naked Iraqi detainees.	0
British Airways to shed Qantas londonBritish Airways Plc, Europe's second-biggest airline, will sell its 18 per cent stake in Qantas Airways Ltd. worth 427 million or about $980 million (Canadian) to cut debt ahead of possible acquisitions in Europe.	2
S.E.C. Is Said to Examine Stock Pricing by Big Brokers The Securities and Exchange Commission is looking at brokerage firms suspected of failing to get customers the best stock prices, people briefed on the inquiry said.	2
Spears' Fiance to Star in Her New Video NEW YORK - Britney Spears' former backup dancer and current fiance Kevin Federline can add another title to his resume: co-star.    On Wednesday, a Jive Records publicist confirmed Federline is featured in Spears' upcoming "My Prerogative" video, set to debut in mid-September...	0
VeriSign's Antitrust Claim Against ICANN Dismissed "VeriSign's contentions are deficient," Judge Howard Matz wrote in the 16-page decision setting aside the antitrust claims against ICANN.	3
Sun Unveils Next Generation Client Technology SANTA CLARA, Calif., Dec. 13 /PRNewswire-FirstCall/ -- Sun Microsystems, Inc. (NASDAQ:SUNW) today unveiled its next generation Sun Ray(TM) Server Software 3.0 an interoperable, platform that enables instant 	3
Disney Rules Out New Deal with Pixar Studios In January Disney and Pixar terminated their talks to extend a distribution partnership that has created such cartoon hits as "Finding Nemo" and the "Toy Story" series.	2
Varitek's terms could be tough to meet As much as the Red Sox hope to persuade Jason Varitek to stay in Boston, they face a mighty challenge since Varitek's agent, Scott Boras, said last night the catcher expects to receive a five-year contract with a no-trade clause that compensates him as lucratively as the top catchers in the game.	1
Delta Pilots Ratify Concession Package  CHICAGO (Reuters) - Pilots at Delta Air Lines Inc. DAL.N  on Thursday ratified a concession package that will save the  carrier $1 billion a year, in a move the company hopes will buy  it time to restructure outside of bankruptcy.	2
Jakarta bombing blamed on Malaysian fugitives The Indonesian police asserted Friday it would intensify the hunt of two Malaysian fugitives Azahari and Noordin Moh Top believed to be responsible for the Thursday's bombing at the Australian embassy.	0
Parties call for postponement of elections Despite a new call Friday for a postponement of the Iraqi elections, President Bush said he hopes they still go forward. Seventeen political parties say the election should be put off for at least six months 	0
UN shrugs off US demands to boost Iraq presence BAGHDAD (AFP) - The United States failed win a promise from the United Nations to increase its staff in Iraq ahead of elections as Washington stepped up its charges that Damascus was sheltering insurgent leaders.	0
Sudan Peace Talks Resume for South as Tensions Brew  KHARTOUM/NAIROBI (Reuters) - Sudan's government resumed  talks with rebels in the oil-producing south on Thursday while  the United Nations set up a panel to investigate charges of  genocide in the west of Africa's largest country.	0
Cassini to Look at Saturn's Giant Moon (AP) AP - The theory that Saturn's giant moon Titan has oceans or seas of liquid methane and ethane faced its best test yet Tuesday.	3
Judge Indicts 2 Former Parmalat Auditors MILAN, Italy Oct. 5, 2004 - Two former auditors at Parmalat were ordered to stand trial for market rigging under a fast-track procedure, the first indictments since the massive fraud scandal at the Italian-based dairy giant.	2
Pen can pick some bike U-locks That U-shaped bike lock that you thought was so secure may be easy pickings for thieves who have nothing more sophisticated than a Bic pen.	2
Merrill, Wachovia, others fined for late reporting NEW YORK: The NASD yesterday said it censured and fined 29 securities firms a total of $US9.22 ($NZ13.04) million for failing to properly disclose required information about their brokers more than 8300 times.	2
Yahoo! Ups Ante for Small Businesses Web giant Yahoo! is gambling that price cuts on its domain name registration and Web hosting products will make it more competitive with discounters in the space -- which means that small businesses looking to move online get a sweeter deal through ...	2
NFL Suspends Seattle Receiver Four Games (AP) AP - Seattle receiver Koren Robinson was suspended without pay Monday for the next four games for violating the NFL's substance-abuse policy.	1
Haitian storm survivors give thanks Amid the destruction from Tropical Storm Jeanne, Haitians have prayed for the 1,500 dead and given thanks that their lives were spared at services on Sunday.	0
First Look: RemoteTV Offers Slick Media Streaming Belkin's latest product lets you effortlessly share digital content within the house, but is it lawful?	3
U.S. Alerts Schools About Terror Threat WASHINGTON - The Education Department has advised school leaders nationwide to watch for people spying on their buildings or buses to help detect any possibility of terrorism like the deadly school siege in Russia.    The warning follows an analysis by the FBI and the Homeland Security Department of the siege that killed nearly 340 people, many of them students, in the city of Beslan last month...	0
PeopleSoft Plays Defense The business software maker inks a deal with IBM, but it isn't likely to dissuade Oracle.	2
Halloween Means Sales as Adults Join In  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Halloween is expected to scare up  record sales this year as more adults -- and pets -- join in  what was once mainly a children's dress-up event, filling a  void before the key Christmas shopping season.	2
Mars mission hailed as top 2004 breakthrough The discovery that Mars could have supported life billions of years ago has been ranked by the editors of international journal Science as the most important scientific achievement of 2004.	3
Jones Buys Barneys in $400 Million Deal A company with a middle-brow reputation announced a deal today to buy the singularly trendy clothing chain.	2
Unhappy Robinson Rejoins 76ers (AP) AP - Unhappy he hasn't been traded, Glenn Robinson rejoined the Philadelphia 76ers on Tuesday.	1
Nokia, Pointsec team on mobile data security Enterprises seeking higher security for their growing number of mobile devices may be interested in new encryption technology that Nokia Corp. is deploying in its smart phone products.	3
Skype Telephony Now Available for the Mac Skype for Windows, Skype for Pocket PC and Skype for Linux -- Skype for Mac OS X is free. Skype users can control their online presence and 	3
Federer to meet Hewitt in Masters Cup final Houston, TX (Sports Network) - World No. 1 Roger Federer of Switzerland and third-seeded Lleyton Hewitt each posted straight-set wins and advanced to Sunday's final at the lucrative 2004 Tennis Masters Cup.	1
GE OKs $15 Billion Buyback, Ups Dividend (Reuters) Reuters - Diversified manufacturer General Electric Co.  said on Friday it boosted its quarterly dividend by 10 percent and earmarked up to $15 billion for share repurchases over the next three years.	2
Scientists Stumped by Dead Croakers (AP) AP - Thousands of croakers have washed ashore at beaches along the Atlantic coast in recent days, the latest mass deaths of the popular sport fish.	3
Farallon to Sell $16.3 Million in Stock Canadian mining firm Farallon Resources Ltd. on Wednesday said it agreed to privately sell about $20 million Canadian ($16.3 million) worth of stock to accredited investors and company insiders.	2
Hassan: 'Abhorrent act' says Blair Western political leaders have united to condemn the kidnappers of charity worker Margaret Hassan after a video surfaced apparently showing a militant firing a pistol into the head of a blindfolded woman wearing an orange jumpsuit.	0
Vodafone Drops on Report It Supports Bid for Sprint (Update2) Shares in Vodafone Group Plc, the world's largest mobile-phone operator, dropped after The Wall Street Journal said the company is considering bidding with US partner Verizon Communications Inc.	2
German teenager indicted over Sasser worm Prosecutors in Verden, Germany, indicted an 18-year-old student on Wednesday for allegedly creating the Sasser worm that crashed hundreds of thousands of computers worldwide after spreading at lighting speed over the Internet.	3
Photos: Matrix's high-rise chips Matrix Semiconductor's memory chips have several layers of transistors rather than a single plane.	3
NETS 96, BOBCATS 89 Nets Win but They Still Look Out of Sorts One night after they were pounded by 19 points in a preseason game in Cleveland, the Nets looked like a much different team against the expansion Charlotte Bobcats 	1
Bureaucracy Pins Rocket to Earth The da Vinci Project, a Toronto group planning to launch a homemade, manned spacecraft in October, is having trouble getting its paperwork off the ground. Canadian regulators are leery of approving the launch. And then there's the matter of finding insurance. By Dan Brekke.	3
A perfect storm of political peril, unless... The extended train wreck that has been American-dominated Iraq is winding its way toward a decisive intersection: the national elections scheduled for Jan. 30, 2005, where voters will be asked 	0
3 Giants Contest Fines Over Team Meetings (AP) AP - Three New York Giants have filed complaints with the NFL Players Association after being fined by coach Tom Coughlin for not being "early enough" to team meetings.	1
Game itself needs repair Last Sunday night, while announcing the suspensions of Ron Artest, Stephen Jackson, Jermaine O'Neal, Ben Wallace, and others, the commissioner of the NBA, David Stern, spoke forcefully and eloquently about redefining "the covenant between players and fans and between fans and fans, and making sure we can play our games in a very welcoming and peaceful setting."	1
After the X Prize Just weeks before the historic second flight of SpaceShipOne -- a trip that won him the $10 million X Prize -- Burt Rutan, the ship's designer and builder, sat down for a chat with Wired magazine. Here's what he said.	3
Terror scares hit Australia Australia's frayed nerves were given another jolt yesterday by the discovery of a home-made firebomb on a Virgin Blue airliner and the unrelated arrest of a man accused of threatening terror attacks in Southeast Asia.	0
PeopleSoft Raises Revenue Forecasts  NEW YORK (Reuters) - PeopleSoft Inc. PSFT.O, fresh from  firing its chief executive amid a hostile takeover bid from  Oracle Corp. ORCL.O, on Monday said quarterly revenue would  exceed Wall Street's expectations, helped by an increase in  customers making larger orders for its business software.	2
Sales aren't making the grade Retailers in Michigan delighted when students returned to the classroom, but the back-to-school sales haven't generated the kind of dollars many projected.	2
Souness Looks Forward Newcastle boss Graeme Souness was in defiant mood tonight as he attempted to push yesterdays training ground bust-up with striker Craig Bellamy into the background.	1
'Sherlock' Is Bicycling Across Australia PERTH, Australia - A former British soccer player raising money for a leukemia charity set off Wednesday on a coast-to-coast ride across Australia on a Victorian-era bicycle that is older than the country.    Leukemia survivor Lloyd Scott dressed up as fictional British supersleuth Sherlock Holmes, complete with tweed coat, deerstalker hat and a fake mustache for the 2,700-mile trip from Perth to Sydney...	0
Big Tax Plans, Big Tax Risks Reforming the tax system is more politically risky and economically complex than the president let on during the campaign.	2
Ivan devastates Grenada ST. GEORGE'S, Grenada - Hurricane Ivan took aim yesterday at Jamaica after killing 23 people in five countries and devastating Grenada.	0
Els Eases Into Final Defending champion Ernie Els beat Padraig Harrington 5 and 4 yesterday to move into the final of the World Match Play Championship.	1
Ovitz Defends His Tenure Michael Ovitz said on Tuesday that Walt Disney Co. would have made a string of dazzling deals and shrewd strategic moves during his brief tenure as the company's president 	2
Small Fixes Can Pay Big Security Dividends Computer users could stop most viruses and cyber attacks by fixing a small number of common flaws, according to new research. Viruses, spam and distributed denial of service attacks could 	3
Help wanted by IT services firms The growing services industry is hiring, but tech workers looking for a job may need to do more than brush up on their coding.	3
Adams backs power-sharing plan Sinn Fein President Gerry Adams   recommends his party  accept proposals to revive power-sharing.	0
Backgrounder: Basic facts about ASEAN Leaders from members of the Association of Southeast Asian Nations (ASEAN) are gathering in Vientiane, capital of Laos, for a summit meeting among themselves and a series 	0
DreamWorks Animation IPO Set at 29M Shares Underwriters for DreamWorks Animation SKG Inc., producer of the blockbuster "Shrek" movies, Tuesday set the terms of the company's pending initial public offering at 29 million common shares, with an estimated price range of $23 to $25 a share.	3
Sony goes OLED with Japanese CLIE PEG-VZ90 Despite pulling out of the US and European markets, Sony's CLIE line is still kicking in Japan, and is now kicking with an OLED display.	3
US MNT Streaking Into Final Round The US mens national team will look to extend their record unbeaten streak to 13 matches when the take on Jamaica at Columbus Crew Stadium in its final match of semifinal-round qualifying for the 2006 FIFA World Cup.	1
Greek sprinters quit Games ATHENS (Reuters) - Greece's top two sprinters have quit the Olympic Games after submitting their country to six days of embarrassment in a hide-and-seek contest with anti-doping enforcers. 	1
EU transport chief hails Alitalia accord (AFP) AFP - EU transport and energy commissioner Loyola de Palacio hailed the accord reached between Alitalia management and staff on a major restructuring plan aimed at keeping the struggling airline in the air.	0
Kidnapped Turk Killed in Afghanistan -- Witness A Turkish engineer abducted by a militant gang in eastern Afghanistan was found dead on Wednesday, a witness who saw the body being carried down from a mountainside told Reuters.	0
Halliburton Says It May Separate KBR Unit  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Halliburton Co. HAL.N said on  Thursday it would restructure its KBR unit and may shed the  business if the company's stock performance continues to lag  behind peers.	2
Former Dire Straits Front Man Uses AMD Opteron for New Album Mark Knopfler, the former lead guitarist and singer for Dire Straits, has recorded his new "Shangri-La" album on a dual AMD Opteron processor-based digital audio workstation.	3
UN Nuclear Agency Confirms Tons Of Explosives Missing Vienna, Austria -- The UN nuclear watchdog agency says it's concerned tons of missing explosives in Iraq "could have fallen into the wrong hands.	0
Barents Sea Under Threat from Fishing, Oil (Reuters) Reuters - The Arctic Barents Sea is under threat from overfishing, oil and gas exploration and Soviet-era radioactive waste, the U.N. Environment Program said on Tuesday.	3
Bush, Kerry Differ on Approach to North Korea  SEOUL (Reuters) - The determination of North Korea to  develop nuclear arms could harden after President Bush and his  rival, Senator John Kerry, clashed over how to proceed with  six-party talks on Pyongyang's ambitions, analysts said.	0
Shanghai Readies for Rockets-Kings Game (AP) AP - Built in the days of Mao Zedong's 1966-76 Cultural Revolution, Shanghai's rundown city gymnasium is getting the full NBA treatment for next month's exhibition game between the Sacramento Kings and the Houston Rockets.	1
Hologram labels in Nokia batteries New Delhi: To help customers identify original Nokia batteries from the counterfeit ones, Nokia has introduced hologram labels with authentication codes in all its new batteries.	3
Police Tear Gas, Arrest Protesters in Bangladesh Baton-wielding riot police fired tear gas and rounded up dozens of demonstrators in Bangladesh on Tuesday during a general strike called to protest a weekend grenade attack that killed 20 people and wounded hundreds at an opposition political rally.	0
Britain doing "all we can" for hostage in Iraq Prime Minister Tony Blair has his government is doing all in its power to help a kidnapped Briton -- but he has avoided a public response to insurgents threatening to kill the man.	0
Judge: Ex-Baylor Player Unfit for Trial (AP) AP - A former Baylor University basketball player charged with murdering a teammate was ruled incompetent to stand trial Thursday.	1
Beyond solar system, planets that look familiar The universe looked a little more familiar and friendlier on Tuesday. The roll call of planets beyond the solar system swelled significantly with the announcement of a trio of newly discovered worlds much 	3
Cocky Arsene Arsene Wenger is confident that Arsenal will make the knockout stages of the Champions League, despite needing to beat Rosenborg to make sure.	1
Cisco invests $12 million in Japan R&D center On Thursday, the company announced it will invest $12 million over the next five years in a new research and development center in Tokyo.	3
Smith saves United LONDON, Aug. 28. - Alan Smith scored a late equaliser for Manchester United today as the side tied 1-1 at Blackburn. Sir Alex Fergusons side looked headed for their second Premier League defeat of the 	1
Philippoussis is humbled by Weiner SHANGHAI, China -- Defending champion Mark Philippoussis suffered a first round humiliation in the Shanghai Open, losing to unheralded American Glenn Weiner 3-6, 6-4, 6-4.	1
A Painful Mistake In a world in which the fortune OF a pharmaceutical company can rise and fall on the strength of a handful of blockbuster drugs, Vioxx was a giant.	2
Pfizer buys 5 percent stake in Medarex BOSTON (CBS.MW) - Pharmaceutical powerhouse Pfizer is buying a 5 percent stake in biotechnology researcher Medarex under their newly signed collaboration deal, according to Medarex Chief Executive Donald Drakeman.	2
New Crew Prepares For Space Station Duty CAPE CANAVERAL, Fla. -- A new crew is aboard the International Space Station Wednesday preparing to take over command of the orbiting outpost.	3
HP, IBM, Dell set code' for treatment of workers (SiliconValley.com) SiliconValley.com - Hewlett-Packard, IBM and Dell, which were accused earlier this year of having "dire working conditions" at factories outside the United States, announced Wednesday that they have agreed on a "code of conduct" for the treatment of workers and the environment.	3
Iran Warns Its Missiles Can Hit Anywhere in Israel  TEHRAN (Reuters) - A senior Iranian military official said  Sunday Israel and the United States would not dare attack Iran  since it could strike back anywhere in Israel with its latest  missiles, news agencies reported.	0
NASA Finishes Redesigned Shuttle Fuel Tank (Reuters) Reuters - NASA has finished building a redesigned space shuttle fuel tank that was reconfigured to eliminate the debris problem that doomed the shuttle Columbia and its seven astronauts, agency officials said on Tuesday.	3