Anwar el-Sadat succeeded Nasser in 1970.	A neighboring country was the main influence in the switch of power.	1
In fact, the Lions of Delos were made from Naxos marble.	The Lions of Delos were made out of clay.	2
(Never mind the strictest reading, which supposes that creation took a week.)	Which supposes that the creation took a month.	2
oh i don't know either the other growing up all i knew was	When I was 7 the only thing I knew was	1
My article does not say or imply that real earnings growth only reflects retentions and that dividend growth must be zero or that all valuation techniques are out the window for firms that don't pay dividends.	My article simply implies that real earnings growth reflects only retentions and that dividend growth must be zero or that valuation techniques are unused for firms which don't pay dividends.	2
In order to ensure these Americans are not left out of the justice system, a strong federal role in supporting legal services is vital.	Every american us entitled to legal aid	1
Two natural rock formations are always pointed out on excursions.	Natural rock formations on visible on excursions.	0
well the first thing for me is i wonder i see a couple of different ways of talking about what privacy is um if privacy is something that disturbs your private state i mean an invasion of privacy is something that disturbs your private state that's one thing and if privacy is something that comes into your private state and extracts information from it in other words finds something out about you that's another and the first kind of invasion of the first type of privacy seems invaded to me in very much everyday in this country but in the second type at least overtly uh where someone comes in and uh finds out information about you that should be private uh does not seem uh um obviously everyday	All invasions of privacy should be severely punished, because it will teach the criminals that it is not worth doing.	1
Research and development is composed of	Research and development often occurs in scientific companies.	1
but there's no uh inscriptions or or dates or anything else	The dates on it were rubbed off.	1
The contrast between the landscape of the central highlands and the south coast could not be more marked.	There was a beautiful artist who painted the landscape of the central highlands.	1
These alone could have valuable uses.	These by themselves could prove valueable. 	0
Sure enough, there was the chest, a fine old piece, all studded with brass nails, and full to overflowing with every imaginable type of garment. 	The chest was built over 200 years ago.	1
The Romans built roads and established towns, including the towns of Palmaria (Palma) and Pollentia (near present-day Alc??dia).	Some of the original towns built by the Romans are still in existence.	1
uh it's in Georgia it's yeah it's right outside of Macon and and it's just a i like the way that i like the way that idea of the south is	It's located just outside of Macon in Georgia.	0
Also, under credit reform, the credit subsidy cost is recorded as an outlay when a direct or guaranteed loan is disbursed.	The credit subsidy cost is never recorded as an outlay under any circumstances.	2
He said the Web site will help bridge the digital divide that keeps the poor from using the Internet as a resource.	This website looks to remove an obstacle that poor people face regarding the internet. 	0
Jon's feeling of age and weariness must have shown.	Jon was weary and feeling his age.	0
All these sites will automatically lead into George Dubbawya's Web site (www.georgewbush.com).	These sites are all themed around George W. Bush.	1
oh really yeah so he he's uh he's probably going to be going to jail and and the problem with him is he's on a guaranteed salary like for three years so whether he plays or not they've got to pay him ten million dollars so if they	He is so hardworking and has helped the team achieve so much, I don't see anything wrong with paying him a million dollar salary.	2
uh-huh and is it true i mean is it um	It is absolutely correct.	1
Others watched them with cold eyes and expressionless faces.	Some people who were not emotive were watching.	0
Apparently, Greuze wasn't worried about needing protection.	Greuze didn't worry about needing protection.	0
It spoke of thousands of years, even before the times of the old empire.	The old Empire is still ongoing.	1
She did not reply.	She responded very quickly.	2
no chemicals and plus then you can use it as a fertilizer and not have to worry about spreading those chemicals like on your lawn or your bushes or whatever	You can use those chemicals as a fertilizer	2
Major journeys from one part of the country to another, say, from Milan to Rome or down to Naples, is most enjoyed by train buffs and travelers with plenty of time, patience, and curiosity.	It takes eight hours to get from Milan to Naples by train.	1
Not yourself.	Not you	0
The track continues past the necropolis to an impressive amphitheatre, very probably carved by Nabateans, but influenced by the Romans.	The path will not lead you down to the amphitheater.  	2
The library is the largest of any plantation in Jamaica, with over 300 volumes, including three first editions; the books would have been used to while away the long humid days.	The library has over 300 volumes, including 3 first editions. 	0
It displays some superb marble sculptures of the second century a.d. , most notably a Venus and the Emperor Hadrian and his wife Sabina.	It hosts a sculpture of Venus and one of the Emperor Hadrian.	0
The great attraction of the church is the splendid exterior, which is crowned by golden onion-shaped cupolas.	The interior of the church, while still lovely, is much plainer.	1
Hold hard, said Tommy.	"Don't hold at all!" was Tommy's only message.	2
 "An egg has got to hatch," he said.	He said an egg must hatch.	0
But employers are still driving, and that's all that counts.	Despite the recent employee crashes, the employers ignored the signs.	1
and see the thing is you know he go out and he'll spend it when he wants you know and uh uh i'm afraid to i'm afraid to use that credit card	I'm scared to use the credit card.	0
i can't do any jumping up and down because it makes it hurt	There is no pain from jumping.	2
Good sir, Jon began.	Jon stayed silent.	2
Four or five from the town rode past, routed by their diminished numbers and the fury of the Kal and Thorn.	Kal and Thorn were very relaxed.	2
oh for heaven sakes for the drugs yeah uh-huh	I don't really believe that.	1
Since the rules were issued as interim rules and not as general notices of proposed rulemaking, they are not subject to the Unfunded Mandates Reform Act of 1995.	The rules were  not issued as interim rules but rather general notices of proposed rulemaking.	2
The town is also known for its sparkling wine and for the caves where about 70 per?­cent of France's cultivated mushrooms are grown.	The town only makes red wine.	1
Last year, they were spooked.	They were spooky. 	2
um-hum  right do where are you at what state	How many miles did you run?	2
Case Study Evaluations.	Evaluations of Case Studies.	0
Exhibitions are often held in the splendid entrance hall.	The entrance hall is often used to host exhibitions.	0
i think Buffalo is an up an coming team they're going to they're showing some real promise for the next uh few years	The team had some good results in last seasons.	1
Paris and its immediate surroundings are a magnet for tourists, students, businessmen, artists, inventors ' in short, everyone except perhaps the farmer and fisherman, who may well come to the city to protest government policies.	Businessmen spend more time in Paris and its immediate surroundings than inventors do.	1
and uh oh i guess an hour into my somewhat sleep a guy woke me up and uh said you'd better get out of the the tent they're they're liable to come down several of the others had already come down blown down they hadn't blown away but they had flattened	No one warned me about the tents being flattened.	2
Gary Oldman turns himself into some sort of gigantic hominid-bat creature and flaps about in Dracula . The Vampire Master in John Carpenter's Vampires can fly down the road fast enough to catch a speeding car and can stick to the ceiling of a motel room.	Oldman made himself a crazy creature.	0
In Japan, Mainichi Shimbun criticized the new Liberal Democratic Party leader Keizo Obuchi for being devoid of fresh ideas for reviving the Japanese economy.	Mainichi Shimbun approved of Keizo Obuchi's efforts toward improving the economy.	2
He was standing in front of a grey backdrop- somewhere that could be anywhere.	You couldn't tell where he was because he was in front of a backdrop.	0
Vrenna looked it and smiled.	Vrenna was happy it was destroyed	1
Cybernetics had always been Derry's passion.	Derry's passion for cybernetics was once strong, but now has faded.	1
There is very little left of old Ocho  the scant remains of Ocho Rios Fort are probably the oldest and now lie in an industrial area, almost forgotten as the tide of progress has swept over the town.	The remains of the Ocho Rios Fort are most likely the oldest parts of the town.	0
Although, in this case the equipment did not have to be erected adjacent to an operating boiler, the erection included demolishing and erecting a complete boiler island and demolishing the existing electrostatic precipitator.	Although it was unnecessary, some of the equipment was adjacent.	1
Great mistake to say too much.	It was wrong to say too much.	0
The seven grants flow from a new Nonprofit Capacity Building program at the foundation, part of a trend among philanthropists to give money to help organizations grow stronger, rather than to the program services they provide.	The grants flow from the Executive branch of the United States government.	2
Since there is no airport on the island, all visitors must arrive at the port, Skala, where most of the hotels are located and all commercial activity is carried out.	The best way to get onto the island is by plane.	2
He watched San'doro silent in his thoughts.	The man made lots of noise.	2
some of the professors i think imitate Big Bird	The professors like how cool Big Bird is.	1
After several years of private practice from 1982-90, he became the judge of Decatur County Court for a year.	After working in the military for nearly a decade, he became Sheriff of Decatur County.	2
i mean i'm i'm sort of strange in a way i'm i'm about twenty pounds overweight and i smoke but my blood pressure is about my last reading was just the other day it was one hundred two over seventy nine	My blood pressure isn't too bad considering I'm not very healthy. 	1
Is there adequate information for judging generalizability?	Every output has some kind of resource. 	1
it's the very same type of paint and everything	It's the same paint formula, it's great!	0
Now sink of sorrow I who live--the more the wrong!Who wishing death, whom death denies, whose thread is all too long;Who tied to wretched life, who looks for no relief,Must spend my ever dying days in never ending grief.	I may be having suicidal thoughts and be wishing for death. 	0
We also have found that leading organizations strive to ensure that their core processes efficiently and effectively support mission-related outcomes.	Leading organizations want to be sure their processes are successful, which can be obvious for most of the people here.	1
Although claims data provide the most accurate information about health care use, ensuring adequate follow-up for purposes of obtaining information from patient self-report is important because many people do not report alcohol-related events to insurance compa-nies.	The insurance companies want to reduce medical payments by following-up to ensure patient was sober at the time of incident and intoxication may lead to a claim denial on reimbursement for medical expenses. 	1
Through Responsive and Naturalistic Approaches.	Natural approaches are key 	1
Economic growth also depends on education to enhance the knowledge and skills of the nation's work	Economic growth will continue without regard to the skills of the nation's work.	2
kind of like for the same reasons as you i just the care that goes into them and you know if i you know decide to take off for a week or so	I don't care what goes into them. 	2
He touched it and felt his skin swelling and growing hot.	His skin was burning.	1
um-hum with the ice yeah	Correct with the frozen water (ice).	0
The story also made the front page of the New York Times and the Financial Times of London, which said that more than 10,000 members of a mystic cult called Fa Lun Gong caused acute embarrassment to security forces by virtually surrounding the compound where China's leaders work.	The New York Times neglected to cover the Fa Lun Gong story in their papers.	2
The Illinois Equal Justice Foundation has recently made its first grants from money appropriated by the Illinois General Assembly.	The Illinois Equal Justice Foundation received nothing from the Illinois General Assembly.	2
exercise is not supposed to do that to you	Exercise is supposed to do that.	2
actually i listened to one time i remember it's this is back when rap even uh i would say about ten or fifteen years ago i	I listen to wrap everyday and has been my favorite genre for 15 years. 	2
The biography itself, which uses unpublished diaries and untapped Cuban government archives, is praised for having done a masterly job in evoking Che's complex character, in separating the man from the myth (Peter Canby, the New York Times Book Review ). The Weekly Standard 's Stephen Schwartz calls it tainted for having received official support from the Castro regime and for abetting a Che revival.	Che was another dictator who rose to power by military uprising.	1
the approving official's knowledge true, correct, and accurate, and in accordance with applicable laws, regulations, and legal decisions.	The approving official knowledge is in accordance with applicable laws, regulations, and legal decisions.	0
5 are highly correlated during summer months in some areas.	Nothing is correlated to the summer in all areas.  	2
There would be little benefit to national saving from allowing early access to mandatory accounts with set contribution levels-which has been proposed for Social Security (see Q4.	There would be happier people to national saving.	1
Then I considered.	I refused to even consider it.	2
The volumes are available again but won't be returned to the stacks until the damp library itself gets renovated.	The volumes will be available to the public after renovation.	0
Case Studies in Science Education.	Case studies in writing.	2
in you know just dealing with the customer maybe that's there only reason why they don't it'd seem like they'd just put a little barrel out there and say it pour here and go on  we'll take your money	The customers were just one of many reasons.	2
Nowadays it is bordered by ancient columns and lined with expensive shops.	The shops have only been around for the last fifty years.	1
Where do you think she can be, Sir James?" The lawyer shook his head.	Where did she go?	0
and that you're very much right but the jury may or may not see it that way so you get a little anticipate you know anxious there and go well you know	Even if you're correct, I think the jury would pick up on that.	2
The dramatic cliffs of the Serra de Tramuntana mountain range hug the coastline of the entire northwest and north, from Andratx all the way to the Cape of Formentor.	The Serra de Tramuntana mountains are far away from the coast.	2
Basically, to sell myself.	I will never sell myself.	2
You will also see  hippie-made  jewellery on sale, especially at the market in Punta Arab?­.	The Punta Arab market does not have a jewelry section. 	2
Recently I met a guy at a party over at San Barenakedino's.'	I met a woman a the club in Williamsburg. 	2
British action wouldn't have mattered.	British action would have made a big difference.	2
yeah that's probably a  a little bit under what it is for this time of year i i think i haven't seen the weather the news the weather on the news in the evening lately but i think the average high would be it should be about seventy	All I do is watch the weather channel and I'm totally up to date on it.	2
The Congress also told LSC that it could not continue to fund its grantees presumptively and that it must begin to distribute its funds on a competitive basis.	LSC was told by Congress no longer could grantees be funded presumptively and funds have to be distributed on a basis that is competitive. 	0
It takes a deeper fire than most salamanders can stir, Ser Perth.	It is an easy fire to stir.	2
You're crazed, Beresford.	You need to see a therapist, Beresford.	1
it can't last seven years but it can last five IBM says let's throw it away Leading Edge will say we'll buy it from you	The new computer wont last for seven years.	1
Local legend claims that he wrote part of his great saga, Os Lusadas, in what is now called the Camees Grotto, situated in the spacious tropical Camees Garden.	Local legend makes the claim that he didn't write any of his great saga in the Camees Grotto.	2
It was a splendid life ”I loved it." There was a smile on her face, and her head was thrown back. 	She said that she had hated her life.	2
they they are good	They're excellent.	0
And frankly, the number seems a tad low to me.	The number looks too high in my opinion.	2
However, some participants cautioned that principle-based standards should not be viewed as a panacea to solve the problems with financial reporting and could lead to an undesirable situation where you would not have comparability or agreement as to the treatment of similar transactions.	 some participants cautioned that principle-based standards should not be taken lightly	0
yeah yeah i think well i know it's true you see a lot of that you know rally behind the female she may lose but by golly we're going to make a statement here	It wouldn't count for anything if we rallied behind a female candidate.	2
Legal Services Corp., 02-CV-3866, names as defendants the national Legal Services Corp., which distributes federal grants to providers, and Legal Services of New Jersey, which distributes state money.	Legal Services of New Jersey did nothing wrong.	1
but i've lived up here all my life and i'm fifty eight years old so i i could	I have moved somewhere else in my life.	2
I felt like a rat.	I was upset with myself and felt bad.	1
But although the 60 Minutes producer is played by the star (Pacino grandstands, but not to the point of distraction), Bergman's story doesn't have the same primal force.	Pacino plays a 60 Minutes producer.	0
Very well ”but it's all extremely mysterious. We were running into Tadminster now, and Poirot directed the car to the "Analytical Chemist." Poirot hopped down briskly, and went inside. 	Poirot went into the Analytical Chemist.	0
Unrest and some political extremism have surfaced from time to time, but since aid from France is so vital, and French customs so ingrained, it seems almost inconceivable that the FWI will seek total independence as other Caribbean islands have done.	There is some political extremism.	0
LASNNY is one of the oldest and most cost-effective legal services organizations in the United States.	LASNNY is an old legal services organization in Los Angeles.	1
He dismounted and Ca'daan saw he was smaller than the rest.	He was shorter than the others.	0
Therefore, many leading finance organizations have calculated and compared these percentages as a general indication of how well they supported the organization's business objectives.	The data was generated based on only finance department. 	2
If you have the energy to climb the 387 steps to the top of the south tower, you will be rewarded with a stunning view over the city.	There is a great view at the top of the steps.	0
yeah yeah yeah well because that's the way they they might seem outwardly but boy there's a lots going on in there	There is a lot of bad in the inside.	1
yeah exactly right it really is because they're gonna get them one way or another they will always have a way look at drugs they always have a way to get that so	They can get drugs easily because they know many drug dealers and where to find them.	1
Pick up a map from the tourist office here and ask about walking tours.	No one is usually at the tourist office, so you'll have to go somewhere else to find out about walking tours.	2
yeah and then about every five years you have to dig them up and throw them away and start over again they don't last forever	they last forever.	2
But in all probability the girl will have entirely forgotten the intervening period, and will take up life where she left off at the sinking of the Lusitania."	The girl will have most likely forgotten that period.	0
The man shifted slightly and cut the spear out of the air.	The man watched motionlessly as the spear fell. 	2
By placing ”one card ”on another ”with mathematical ”precision!" I watched the card house rising under his hands, story by story. 	I watched as he built the house, story by story.	0
Tuppence seized the bell and Jane the knocker.	Tuppence and Jane were by the door.	0
those little kids don't understand it	Those young children can't comprehend it. 	0
And he claimed she earned $11,000 a month - or $132,000 a year - from a home quilting business she had owned for 22 years.	He claimed that she had a home quilting business that made $132,000 each year.	0
Splendid! 	The splendid situation is a birthday party.	1
He seemed to have aged a thousand years.	He looked many years younger.	2
The library is the largest of any plantation in Jamaica, with over 300 volumes, including three first editions; the books would have been used to while away the long humid days.	The library is the smallest estate in Jamaica, with only three books. 	2
and i'll go there for you know two months straight we won't go anyplace else	I'll go there for two months straight because the attention is amazing.	1
Lewis brought to the campaign the same intensity he had trained upon redneck troopers and sheriffs.	Lewis didn't bring anything to the campaign.	2
In other words, the paper exhibited the all-too-typical journalistic tic of exposing potential conflicts of interest involving politicians while ignoring those involving journalists.	The paper doesn't employ any journalists.	2
well uh what do you think about taxes do you think we're paying too much	Do you think our taxes are too high?	0
Still, I guess that can be got over.	It won't be possible to get passed that.	2
but you know they kids seem like when they get ten or twelve years old they fall out of that and and they don't follow it at all you know there're very few scouts go on and become Eagle Scouts and and i don't know what the high rank is for the gals but	The highest rank for Girl Scouts is Hawk Scout.	1
You can also view a Roman Nileometer carved in the rock which measured the height of the river and helped the ancient priests to time the announcement of the Nile flood that initiated a movement of workers from the fields to community projects such as temple building.	The Egyptians had many technological advancements. 	1
i'm not sure what the overnight low was	It was 37 degrees last night.	2
excessively violent i was worried it's like golly if kids start imitating that	It was so violent I worried about the kids imitating that.	0
Technological advances generally come in waves that crest and eventually subside.	There have been no new developments to technology.	2
it's actually there well Iraq has had uh designs on that place since nineteen twenty two so you know it wasn't like something that just suddenly popped up	Iraq has always wanted to control that area since 1922.	0
right well there's yeah there there's going to be some measure of incentive uh reward or whatever but the reward ultimately ultimately comes down to what you want	They need to entice them to get what they want.	1
Jon's defense began to weaken and slow.	Jon began to lose his strength and defense.	0
yeah and every once in a while they'll have dressing but uh whoever makes it uh goes crazy with the sage	Sometimes they have dressing but they use too much sage.	0
On the slopes of the hill you will find Edinburgh Zoo, located just behind Corstorphine Hospital.	Edinburgh Zoo is located on a giant hill.	0
For instance, one state government CIO attributed his success to his breadth of experience across a variety of financial, retail, and IT units, which facilitates his ability to	There was not a single state where it was successful.	2
'We can't find him, Benjamin,' Lincoln/Natalia said.	After 12 hours looking for him, Lincoln/Natalia gave up.	1
 Other villages are much less developed, and therein lies the essence of many delights.	The other villages and settlements are not as developed.	0
This confluence of a bad tax, a $1 billion reserve, a botched opposition campaign, and voters willing to call a bluff resulted in the I-695 victory.	Bad tax and a $1 billion reserve lead to the I-695 victory.	0
The basic elements of life in the Aegean began to come together as early as 5000 b.c. , and were already in place by the late Bronze Age (c.	Aegean life was going well up until the Bronze Age.	1
Small towns like Louisian lay scattered all over the Oil Fields; the main train line branched between them.	There was only one town in the oil fields.	2
that would be good what'd you say	Write down what you would say.	1
so you know well a lot of the stuff you hear coming from South Africa now and from West Africa that's considered world music because it's not particularly using certain types of folk styles	They consider the West African music to be worldly since they do not rely on folk styles.	0
I am not aware of any studies comparing the number of words an average person could expect to hear spoken in a typical day 500 years ago vs. the number that can be heard now, but the increase surely is vast.	It makes me upset that I've yet to see any study done on how many words the average person hears throughout the day.	1
He wanted silk and encouraged the Dutch and British as good, nonproselytizing Protestants just interested in trade.	He found that silk was perfect for the rich.	1
She didn't listen.	She listened intently. 	2
The church of Panagia Theoskepastos houses a fine 14th-century icon, and the Catholic Cathedral has a tenth-century Madonna and Child.	The Catholic Cathedral was looted and then later burned; it now lies empty and ruined.	2
And two- the personal pronoun problems were going to get serious.	The grammar was great.	2
I went on, 'I'm going to warn you, whether you like it or not. 	You are mad that the boy doesn't like you. 	1
And it needs work too, you know, in case I have to jump out with this parachute from my lil' blue sports plane for real.'	It needs to work Incase he has to jump out a window.	1
we have tickets waiting for us	There are tickets we have that are waiting for us.	0
High Crimes is painfully shoddy, even for a book rushed to press.	Books that are rushed to press are usually shoddy.	1
Howard Berman of California, an influential Democrat on the House International Relations Committee.	Howard Berman is a Democrat of the House.	0
Numbers began wafting about on the  I'd say at least five	There were less than five of them.	2
Last year, Arafat cracked down on Hamas after a string of bombings in Tel Aviv and Jerusalem, arresting more than 1,200 suspected terrorists, destroying Hamas safe houses, and confiscating its weapons caches.	Arafat stood back and watched Hamas attack Tel Aviv and Jerusalem.	2
He was crying like his mother had just walloped him.	He cried like his mom hit him.	0
Number of testimonies	There are a number of testimonials. 	0
The technology used to capture and evaluate information in response to the RFP permits LSC to compile and assess key information about the delivery system at the program, state, regional, and national level.	There is no way for the LSC to compile information about delivery systems.	2
If the collecting entity transfers the nonexchange revenue to the General Fund or another entity, the amount is accounted for as a custodial activity by the collecting entity.	The General Fund handles nonexchange revenue.	0
Krugman's column will henceforth be known as The Dismal Science, a phrase too famous to be ownable by anyone, except possibly British essayist Thomas Carlyle (1795-1881), who coined it.	Krugman writes novels.	2
yeah and the music and uh well it had an excellent story line Everything about it was good	every aspect of it was amazing, the best i've ever seen	1
He was born Siddhartha Gautama in a grove of sal trees at Lumbini (just across the Nepalese border) around the year 566 b.c.	The birth of Siddartha Gautama took place in a house. 	2
In 1923, Turkey broke away from the tired Ottoman rulers, and Kemal Ataturk rose to power on a wave of popular support.	Kemal Ataturk was never affiliated with the Ottoman Empire.	2
Basically, to sell myself.	To sell myself, basically.	0
That first glimpse of the towering, steepled abbey rising from the sea on its rock is a moment you will not forget.	The sight of the abbey atop a rock in the sea is a stunning view.	0
yeah they uh they the voters voted one way and it and then uh some federal judge said no that was unconstitutional and they have had two or three votes and the city council is divided over what the district should be because they divide it one way and the minorities say we're losing representation  representation and uh it it's just a big battle	the federal judge overruled the vote of the people on the ground that it was unconstitutional	0
oh that's not really important the the other stuff is just you know window dressing because we we've never ordered anything fact the the van that we've got we bought uh from an estate it was an estate trade uh it was almost brand new the the gentlemen who owned it had died	We ordered our van and bought it from a used car dealer.	2
my parents uh were sailing uh this last year down off uh Costa Rica and they took about two weeks and went into i don't even know the name of the river there but they went white water rafting and Mom said it was absolutely just a wonderful experience she said it was truly incredible	My parents have never gone sailing or white water rafting.	2
I don't know.	I am not sure.	0
Robust  came in third among words and phrases submitted (220 citations in the CR ), and unlike the previous two, it seems to be a genuinely new cliche; at any rate, Chatterbox hadn't previously been aware of its overuse.	Robust came in last place among the submitted words and phrases.	2
It was going to be a hot day. 	It was going to get very warm that day.	0
uh we've gotten a little Atari computer uh husband describes it as a a computer with training wheels	Erm, we have acquired a small Atari computer. 	0
We did not study the reasons for these deviations specifically, but they likely result from the context in which federal CIOs operate.	The Context in which federal CIOs operate is no different from other CIOs.	1
Additional information is provided to help managers incorporate the standards into their daily operations.	Managers can better apply the standards to their operations by reading the additional information.	0
well i meant when when you were when you were growing up i mean like Galveston	You grew up in Tulsa.	2
 The Romans never really infiltrated Ibiza, and even after the defeat of Hannibal in 202 b.c. during the Second Punic War their influence was restrained.	The Romans didn't infiltrate Ibiza because it wasn't valuable.	1
Arafat is also ailing and has no clear successor.	Arafat is also ailing and has no clear successor that is willing to wear his hats.	1
life in prison then he's available for parole if it's if it's life and a day then he's not eligible for parole so what you know let's quit BSing with the system	The system is corrupt because he won't be able to get parole if it's life and a day.	1
yeah the the i mean people like that are crazy i did a study on it though when i was in high school it was one of these things we had to pick a topic to to investigate and at that time i don't think it's like that any more but at that time uh it was very unfair capital punishment was a lot more  common and if you tended and it tended to be that if you were ignorant or if you were a foreigner or if you were black or any minority for that matter the chances your chances of of uh getting the death penalty were you know like hundreds of times greater than if you could just communicate well i mean you didn't have to be um you didn't even necessarily have to be white but if you could just communicate and you could come across in the court room with some kind of um	It was something very dark and secretive, only containable in a wall of text.	2
This guide will introduce you to many, but not all, of the popular Aegean Islands.	The guide includes all of the popular Aegean Islands.	2
As black as it is, Heathers has the same theme as the Ringwald/Cusack movies.	Heathers was a wonderful dark comedy 	1
In this rule, cost refers to historical cost and market refers to the current replacement cost by purchase or production.	The historical cost is used in the rule.	0
On Samothrakia you can climb to the summit of Mount Fengari, where the God Poseidon watched the Trojan War reach its tragic climax.	Climbing the summit of Mount Fengari takes around two hours, or you can take a shuttle bus and experience Poseidon's view.	1
The islands' names refer to the different force winds hitting them, not their topography.	The way the islands are called is based on the force of the wins they experience.	0
Or Sherlock Holmes?"	Was it Sherlock Holmes?	0
Starting from Scratch	Hanging on to what we have.	2
okay  i guess i'll get back to my laundry	I think I will go finish up my laundry. 	0
Hughes has accomplished this in part by the unusual technique of double ghosting.	He was not able to ghost.	2
I nodded again.	I did not have any reaction to what was said.	2
of course you got to charge it and keep your cash	You have to charge you new credit card.	1
Eh! Monsieur Lawrence, called Poirot. 	Poirot did not call upon Monsieur Lawrence.	2
This is an excerpt from the voice-over credo read in the opening credits for the new UPN series Star  Pitiful Helpless Giant , starring former Secretary of State George Shultz.	Star Pitiful Helpless Giant is a show on WGN.	2
so that's that's one of your priorities there's got to be air has to be an automatic	Do not get a car if it has a broken air-conditioning system.	1
In 1998, Cesar Chavez fasted for 36 days in California to underscore the dangers of pesticides to farm workers and their children.	Cesar Chavez's fast brought media attention to the problem.	1
i wish it was as good over here as it is over there but if you're the	I wish it was as nice in America as it was in Iraq.	1
Even us if you needed," said Jon.	He told them not to ask him to lift a finger.	2
Nothing prior to May 7, 1915.	Nothing before January 1915.	2
Respondents to the Board's question on whether the alternatives of presenting costs of Federal mission PP&amp	The board had no questions about the alternatives of presenting federal costs.	2
Sir James's presence in Manchester was not accidental.	Manchester was not the place that Sir James had intended to go.	2
The unintended side effect is radical, direct  In what other state do voters set the tax rates?	There is a radical side effect that was not intended, said the teacher.	1
A clean, wholesome-looking woman opened it.	The dirty old man closed it.	2
Just as in ancient times, without the River Nile, Egypt could not exist.	Without the Nile river, Egypt could not exist.	0
In its submission, HCFA did not identify any other statute or executive order imposing procedural requirements relevant to the rule.	HCFA didn't identify any other executive order.	0
okay what types of music do you like to listen to	what kind of music do you like?	0
To accommodate these fluctuations and use resources evenly, it would seem reasonable to offer two tiers of  rapid and deferred, with air transportation being used for the rapid product.	air transportation is cited as a viable option for the rapid product option.	0
But you have to have money to save it, and not many couples with young children have the luxury of tucking away $2,000 apiece annually for their Golden Years.	Couples always put their retirement ahead of their kids.	2
It is, as you see, highly magnified. 	It is highly enlarges as you can observe.	0
and for regular readers who are a bit confused about our schedule (and who can blame them?)	who can blame who greatly appreciates our schedule?	2
For big Raj-buffs, the supreme example of Indo-Gothic style is the Victoria Terminus, affectionately abbreviated to VT nowadays, once the railway station that launched adventures inland, now handling mostly suburban traffic.	Many famous explorers set off from the Victoria Terminus.	1
This is arguably starting to distort the practice of science itself.	This began to distort scientific practice. 	0
But it's for us to get busy and do something."	"We don't do much, so maybe this would be good for us to bond and be together for the first time in a while.".	1
How to Watch Washington Week in Review : Back to front.	The only way to watch Washington Week in Review is from the start to the end, as anything else would be viewed. 	2
Governed by the great bendahara Mutahir with more diplomacy than military force, the sultanate asserted its supremacy over the whole Malay peninsula (except for the northernmost Thai-held Patani region) and across the Melaka Straits to the east coast of Sumatra.	Mutahir was the most excellent diplomat in the history of India.	1
Mr. Erlenborn attended undergraduate courses at the University of Notre Dame, Indiana University, the University of Illinois, and Loyala University of Chicago.	Mr. Erlenborn earned all of his undergraduate credits at the University of Notre Dame.	2
Think of it this  When consumer confidence declines, it is as if, for some reason, the typical member of the co-op had become less willing to go out, more anxious to accumulate coupons for a rainy day.	Coupon collecting is no longer allowed in most US stores.	1
that's cool kind of like Pink Floyd or something uh yeah basketball's cool but football kind of after a while	That's neat, sort of like Pink Floyd, or something similar.	0
Deborah Pryce said Ohio Legal Services in Columbus will receive a $200,000 federal grant toward an online legal self-help center.	A $200,000 federal grant will be received by Ohio Legal Services, said Deborah Pryce.	0
i'm on i'm in the Plano school system and living in Richardson and there is a real dichotomy in terms of educational and economic background of the kids that are going to be attending this school	There are significant differences between the background of the children attending the school.	0
There 214 was some talk of sending me to a specialist in Paris.	It was suggested that I go to Paris to visit with a specialist	0
eThe number of deletions was negligible.	The huge number of deletions caused a ruckus.	2
On the Use of Qualitative Methods in Policy  A Review of Three Multi-site Studies.	Researchers found that approaching policy via qualitative methods was to be preferred over other methods.	1
Long Bay is seven miles of sublime fine sand, gentle azure water, and cooling palm trees.	Long Bay is a five mile stretch of sublime fine sand.	2
Rather, kids today are not only little bundles of joy but also are perhaps the ultimate symbols of worldly success and status.	Children today are symbols of success and status.	0
South Along the Caribbean	Opposite of North along the Caribbean.	0
Black professionals braid their hair to display their ethnic pride.	Blacks braid their hair because they're forced to.	2
if it had rained any more in the last two weeks instead of planting Saint Augustine grass in the front yard i think i would have plowed everything under and had a rice field	It's beed super dry.	2
(Read Slate 's  on how Bush flaunts the courage of his cliches.	Bush uses his cliches to remain in power.	1
Good sir, Jon began.	Jon addressed the king.	1
The streets are crammed with vendors selling shrine offerings of sweets, curds, and coconut, as well as garlands and holy images.	Vendors are selling sweets, curds, garland, and coconut.	0
Fixing current levels of damage would be impossible.	Fixing the damage could never be done.	0
Marina del Rey is another, where you can also charter a yacht.	Marina del Rey is the areas premier dingy rental location.	2
uh i really i miss college i had a good time	I would like to go back to university. 	1
In reviewing this history, it's important to make some crucial distinctions.	Making certain distinctions is imperative in looking back on the past.	0
and so i have really enjoyed that but but there are i do have friends that watch programs like they want to see a particular program and they are either home watching it or definitely recording it they have some programs that they won't miss	What programs do your friends like to watch?	1
There is a good restaurant in the village, in addition to a well-stocked mini-market for self-catering visitors.	The village has a restaurant.	0
It's very hard to believe, for anyone who knows me well, but I was actually speechless for a period, Zelon said.	Zelon was just as talkative as always and never had a moment of speechlessness.	2
and i'll go there for you know two months straight we won't go anyplace else	I'll go there for two months straight, we won't go anywhere else.	0
Harlem was our first permanent office, he said. 	Harlem was the first permanent office 	0
I should think some one had taken charge of it."	No one should have taken charge of it.	2
The sculpture on the dome (a personification of Commerce) and the river gods (including Anna Livia, set over the main door) are by Edward Smyth, who was also responsible for the statues on the GPO .	The dome has a sculpture on it.	0
Comparing our experience on the Acid Rain Program with the NOx SIP Call and the Section 126 petitions demonstrates the benefit of having certain key issues decided by Congress rather than left to Agency rulemakings.	Agency rulemakings have better judgement than congress. 	1
i think it's real good anyway it's it's been it was nice meeting you	I don't wanna see you again	2
A funny place for a piece of brown paper, I mused. 	I looked down at my desk, which was a mess, as usual, and had some white and brown papers on it.	1
and i'm pretty happy with it so far	I don't like it. 	2
Earlier this week, the Pakistani paper Dawn ran an editorial about reports that Pakistani poppy growers are planning to recultivate opium on a bigger scale because they haven't received promised compensation for switching to other crops.	Pakistani poppy growers are going to grow more opium.	0
so i like music i like listening to music so i don't usually listen to KCBI and then there's another one called Journey that's somewhere in between the two of those it's in between ninety and ninety four	KCBI does not play music, so I don't listen to it.	2
Cultural festivals are one opportunity, but the better way is at a private wedding or feast day when the performances are set in their true context.	Cultural festivals are the best place to have performances.	2
It sounds perfect, said Jon.	Jon thought that the idea was perfectly sound.	0
at least i'm going to give it a try cause you can see i mean the oil filters i mean you can touch it it's right there	It seems like it's worth trying to get the oil filter out.	0
Congress' determination to make agencies accountable for their performance lay at the heart of two landmark reforms of the 1990 the Chief Financial Officers (CFO) Act of 1990 and the Government Performance and Results Act of 1993 (GPRA).	The CFO and GPRA Acts have been successful in keeping agencies honest. 	1
In fact, the Lions of Delos were made from Naxos marble.	There are five Lions of Delos, and also two Tigers of Delos.	1
These days, newspaper writers are no longer allowed the kind of license he took.	Newspaper writers need to be more factual and careful these days.	1
from from personal parties or from these uh phone answering phone uh commercial things	Do you get arrested from personal parties?	1
Conspiracy theorists  MasterCard is investing in a chip that can store electronic cash, your medical history, and keys to your home and office.	Conspiracy theorists believe Mastercard is working on a chip to store all your personal data.	0
Adrin heard of a young king in the south who fought against slavers and had an ivory skinned raven-haired swordswoman at his side.	Adrin really wanted to meet the young king.	1
 It was utterly mad.	It was utterly mad for him to suggest that.	1
Founded by Alexander the Great on the Mediterranean coast in 322 b.c. , Alexandria was capital of Egypt during the Ptolemaic era.	Alexandria, capital of Egypt during the Ptolemaic era, was founded in 322 b.c. by Alexander the Great.	0
For a half millennium or more, Madrid idled as a provincial backwater, rarely noticed on the arid central plains of Castile, until Felipe II plucked it from his royal cap in 1561 and proclaimed it the capital of Spain.	After Madrid became the capital of Spain, there were massive economic advantages for the region.	1
Moreover, these excise taxes, like other taxes, are determined through the exercise of the power of the Government to compel payment.	Government's ability to force payment is how excise taxes are calculated.	0
On a December day in 1917, British General Allenby rode up to Jaffa Gate and dismounted from his horse because he would not ride where Jesus walked; he then accepted the surrender of the city after the Ottoman Turks had fled (the flag of surrender was a bed-sheet from the American Colony Hotel).	The British General Allenby rode his horse over the road where Jesus walked.	2
From Port-Louis all the way down Grande Terre's west coast to Pointe Pitre there extend vast mangrove swamps.	Grande Terre's west coast is a major tourist destination for its mangrove swamps.	1
What's needed, alongside an evacuation plan, is a realistic program to stabilize conditions for those left behind.	Those left behind will need a program for stabilizing conditions if they cannot evacuate. 	0
36 million could mean the state's legal services for the poor will lose six of their 21 regional offices, the head of a poverty-law resource center said.	The state's legal services department could lose a lot of funding.	0
uh there's uh some very nice places like the bass which is a uh sort of a huge monolithic rocks that you can you can walk up the beach and into these uh enormous caverns that are partially submerged and you can wade in the pools and so forth very popular tourist spot	One good thing to visit is the huge rocks near the beach, because you can go inside these amazing caverns, and play in the pools formed in the rocks. 	0
oh that might be kind of interesting is it	That sounds kinda interesting to me.	0
On the other side of the peninsula, off the tourist track in the peninsula's  heel,  are the curiously romantic landscapes of Puglia, from its centuries-old trulli constructions to the medieval fortresses of the German emperors.	Puglia is crammed with tourism.	2
Climate changes had already had the effect of reducing the amount of forest land; the monks accelerated this process by clearing many more acres in order to make room for ever-growing herds of sheep.	The effect of reducing the amount of forest land is habitats will be destroyed.	1
The sunlight, piercing through the branches, turned the auburn of her hair to quivering gold. 	When the sunlight pierced through the branches, her hair turned a darker shade of red.	2
OMB has approved the information collection contained on the Form ADV and has	OMB staunchly opposed the information collection contained on the Form ADV.	2
In few other modern cities are you likely to see such a variety of costumes.	Many modern cities host many different types of costumes.	2
But recently, the speculation has subsided.	The speculation has been ignored recently.	1
HE KNOWS ABOUT THE MINES.	He is aware that the mines exist. 	0
Regulators may not be totally supportive of a more comprehensive business model because they are concerned that the information would be based on a lot of judgment and, therefore, lack of precision, which could make enforcement of reporting standards difficult.	Being totally supportive of a more comprehensive business model is not something regulators may do.	0
(It may resemble Dungeons &amp	It could look like, as the teacher says, Dungeons and	1
You'll even be able to consult a traditional herbalist to cure your ailments.	Traditional herbalists are available for you to consult with.	0
But they persevered, she said, firm and optimistic in their search, until they were finally allowed by a packed restaurant to eat their dinner off the floor.	They were seated at a table that they could eat at.	2
Because the paper did not say that.	The paper did not explain that.	0
To control land and sea routes to the south, the Mauryas still needed to conquer the eastern kingdom of Kalinga (modern Orissa).	The Mauryas needed to conger Kalinga to secure sea and land routes.	0
and uh we went through a time period that we had three Danes	We never had Danes for a certain amount of time.	2
In fact, you're going to be rewarded.	They did not think they deserved to be rewarded.	1
The Celts arrived in the wake of the Roman withdrawal at the end of the fourth century.	The Celts did not arrive until the start of the sixth century.	2
Generally, if pH of scrubbing liquor falls below a range of 5.0 to 6.0, additional reagent is required to maintain the reactivity of the absorbent.	 if pH of scrubbing liquor falls below a range of 5.0 to 6.0, additional reagent is required	0
Peel Edgerton.	Take off Edgerton.	0
That would be a tenfold increase in the Internet's share.	That would be a tenfold increase in the Internet's share due to mobile traffic.	1
huh-uh the the yeah see the Taurus Show has the spoiler kit and the and the big engine and the and stuff like that	The Taurus show was missing spoiler kits.	2
Good-bye." Julius was bending over the car.	Julius wouldn't leave the house.	2
yeah and every once in a while they'll have dressing but uh whoever makes it uh goes crazy with the sage	They always have dressing but they never use enough sage.	2
Improved products and services   Initiate actions and manage risks to develop new products and services within or outside the organization.	Improved products are riskless	2
(As the old saying goes, If you can't figure out who the fool is at the poker table, it's probably you. 	Dealers say everyone is smart that is playing.	1
The arches that flank the nave are filled with tiers of columns and the walls with windows, while the arches above the entrance and the apse are backed by semi-domes, further increasing the interior space.	Thr arches that flank the nave are in the best condition of all the arches.	1
Also, stakeholders may not interpret principles consistently, and it is important for stakeholders to have the same conceptual framework as preparers when interpreting a principle.	stakeholders may not interpret principles consistently	0
Puppet Shows.	Productions using puppets	0
Many Gothic and Renaissance buildings have been lovingly restored.	One of the Gothic buildings that has been restored is a church.	1
Several of the organizations had professional and administrative staffs that provided analytical capabilities and facilitated their members' participation in the organization's activities.	Organizations had mandatory bonding exercises for their members.	1
yeah yeah uh-huh yeah we we saw that one uh we find that uh that uh if you can get into those dollar movies you know they're uh they're a dollar and a half what is it dollar and a quarter dollar and a half now	You can get it at the dollar movies.	1
Lewis brought to the campaign the same intensity he had trained upon redneck troopers and sheriffs.	Lewis was a strict and obsessed with details perfectionist.	1
Arawak peoples migrated to various Caribbean islands, arriving in Jamaica by the beginning of the eighth century.	While they visited the islands, they never visited Jamaica.	2
i've been getting a kick out of those lately	I guess they just don't like me. 	2
Second, reducing the rate of HIV transmission is in any event not the only social goal worth  If it were, we'd outlaw sex entirely.	Reducing the transmission of HIV is just as important as reducing drug abuse.	1
In my Crossfire days, I was patronized even by Sam Donaldson.	I had many many fans during my Crossfire days.	1
On a scale of 0 (strongly disagree) to 7 (strongly agree) the statement alcoholics are difficult to treat received a mean score of 6.25, and the statement alcoholism is a treat-able disease received a mean score of 5.27.	The scale being set on alcoholics being difficult to treat is from 0 to 7.	0
It cannot be outlawed.	It's not something that can be made illegal.	0
and uh the whole organization was targeting to replace whole life policies with a term life with annuity an annuity and uh	Whole life policies with a term life with annuity could be replaced by the whole organization with something more complicated.	1
Have her show it," said Thorn.	Thorn told her to hide it.	2
The Commission's analysis uses both quantifiable and general descriptions of the effects of the rule on small entities.	The analysis done by the Commission uses quantifiable and general descriptions of how the rule affects small entities.	0
Madam Regent attended church and the mission schools (which you can still visit in Honolulu) and burned images of the old Hawaiian gods, while Kamehameha II entertained lavishly in the company of his wives.	Madam Regent had good grades when she attended mission schools.	1
right well the warmth that developed between them and again it i think was a picture of relationships	There was a mutual feeling in their relationship.	0
He says he brought the proposal for professional parachute helmets with an air-bag system.'	He didn't buy the helmet proposal.	2
 Most menu prices include taxes and a service charge, but it's customary to leave a tip if you were served satisfactorily.	Most customers will tip in addition to the tax on the menus.	0
Those Creole men and women you'll see dancing it properly have been moving their hips and knees that way since childhood.	It is very difficult to learn the dance as an adult.	1
so that's that's one of your priorities there's got to be air has to be an automatic	Air conditioning should not be an important factor.	2
We need to look at the implications that these differing roles have for a range of issues, such as SES core competencies, performance standards, recruitment sources, mobility, and training and development programs.	We can completely ignore the implications of the roles on mobility.	2
Jon replaced Susan's cloak with a white robe and a head scarf, also quite dirty.	He didn't want the men to recognize her. 	1
Do you think I should be concerned?	Do you think I should be confident?	2
To make matters worse, many employers looking to save money (and please their employees) will drop dependent benefits if states provide better coverage than the private plans now do.	When states provide better coverage than private plans, many employers will drop dependent benefits and pass the savings on to you.	1
Look here, you've been asking me a lot of questions.	Look here, you have barely asked me any question.	2
 said San'doro.	San'doro whispered. 	1
yes everybody in the country is preapproved i think	Everybody may be approved if they fit the qualification	1
AT&T and MCI have protested the tax and pledged to pass the cost on to  MCI charges 5 percent on all out of state long-distance calls, and AT&T charges a flat rate.	AT&T and MCI believe the tax is fair and have decided to absorb the cost instead of passing it on. 	2
They said that the current system reflects that diversity, with agencies developing new participation processes and information management systems as needed for their individual programs and communities.	They said that the current system reflects that diversity	0
A rusty iron gate swinging dismally on its hinges! 	The iron gate was rusty and it was swinging.  	0
2) This particular instance of it stinks.	It is a terrible situation. 	0
What's truly striking, though, is that Jobs has never really let this idea go.	Jobs clung to an idea.	0
Still, it would be interesting to know. 109 Poirot looked at me very earnestly, and again shook his head. 	Poirot did not look at me.	2
oh constantly	Constantly	0
This points to a final press-friendly quality of McCain' brilliant flattery.	This leads to a final press-friendly quality of McCain' brilliant flattery.	0
 The second half of the book dealt with the use of the true name.	The first part dealt with the use of false names.	1
I could've afforded a much swankier, up-town place- or at least, a slightly swankier, mid-town place- but all that space would just encourage me to clutter.	I could have had a bigger place but then I would have clutter.	0
I hate pigeons.	Pigeons are cute and adorable.	2
Ca'daan's mouth hung open.	Ca'daan had his mouth wide open.	0
The arched gateway leads to a large swimming pool and the ruins of a Roman and Byzantine baths complex.	There aren't any swimming pools past the arched gateway.	2
Next, you enter the vast and splendid Imperial Hall, with three handsome marble fountains, and a canopied throne from which the sultan would enjoy the music and dancing of his concubines.	The Imperial Hall houses three marble fountains.  	0
Long ago--or away, or whatever--there was a world called Thar?? and another called Erath.	A long time ago there were two worlds called Thar and Erath.	0
I awoke looking up at stone lit by fire.	The fire was out and it was totally dark.	2
The Report and Order, in large part, adopts the unanimous recommendations of the Hearing Aid Compatibility Negotiated Rulemaking Committee, an advisory committee established by the Federal Communications Commission in 1995.	The Hearing Aid Compatibility Negotiated Rulemaking Committee is a product of the Federal Communications Commission.	0
1 Lower and upper PMSD bounds were determined from the 10th and 90th percentile, respectively, of PMSD data from EPA's WET Interlaboratory Variability Study (USEPA, 2001a; USEPA, 2001b).	Lower and upper PMSD limits were determined via a random draw from a magician's hat.	2
A muckraking cover story investigates how the Pentagon disposes of surplus weapons (the short  badly).	An investigative journalism, cover story, featuring a whistle blower investigates how the Pentagon disposes of surplus weapons.	1
Under the leadership of Henry the Navigator, caravels set out from the westernmost point of the Algarve, in southern Portugal, in search of foreign lands, fame, and wealth.	Expeditions left the Algarve in southern Portugal in order to discover new countries and create fortunes.	0
The data would be presented as required supplementary stewardship information accompanying the consolidated financial statements of the Federal Government but not in individual reports of its component units.	The data would be included in individual reports concerning the constituent units of the federal government.	2
1) Increased federal enforcement . Before Hoover's death, the FBI did not aggressively investigate the Mafia.	Increased federal enforcement is essential to curbing organized crime.	1
A chancy road winding up to the 475-metre (1,560-foot) summit is likely to test the engine and suspension of your car, as well as your own persistence.	Tourists often get into accidents trying to reach the summit because their cars weren't able to make it to the top.	1
so that's that's one of your priorities there's got to be air has to be an automatic	One of your priorities should be automatic air.	0
The Star reports that actress Jodie Foster is pregnant through artificial insemination.	It has been reported by The Star that Jodie Foster is not pregnant	2
Puri also has a beautiful beach, southwest of town, which is ideal for cooling off but those aren't sandcastles the Indians are making, they're miniature temples, for this is the Swarga Dwara (Heaven's Gateway), where the faithful wash away their sins.	More Indians than foreigners go to the beach at Puri.	1
You will learn later that the person who usually poured out Mrs. Inglethorp's medicine was always extremely careful not to shake the bottle, but to leave the sediment at the bottom of it undisturbed. 	The person pouring Mrs. Inglethorp's medicine was always very careful to shake the bottle. 	2
As Russell points out, some 400,000 legal aid cases go unassisted each year.	A lot of legal aid cases go unassisted each year, so this needs to be fixed.	1
Czesiek had suitable experience in the matter.	The Czesiek had no experience in the matter.	2
Since 1998, LSC has initiated and overseen significant structural changes in the number and configuration of LSC-funded programs in order to develop more powerful and effective state delivery systems.	LSC has developed better state delivery systems.	0
Under Deng Xiaoping, Beijing actively sought to cultivate a good bilateral relationship.	Beijing sought to create a good relationship with Hong Kong.	1
There are also ferries to Discovery Bay.	The ferries to Discovery Bay are expensive.	1
Like Arabs and Jews, Diamond warns, Koreans and Japanese are joined by blood yet locked in traditional enmity.	Koreans and Japanese have tension between them because of a war long ago.	1
Also, other sorbent-based approaches in development may prove in time to be preferable to ACI, making the use of ACI only a conservative assumption.	Sorbent-based approaches in development may be preferable to ACl, depending on the acidity of the solution.	1
but uh these guys were actually on the road uh two thousand miles from from home when they had to file their uh their final exams and send them in	These men filed their midterm exams from home. 	2
The strychnine had been found in a drawer in the prisoner's room. 	They found the strychnine under the prisoner's bed. 	2
Deborah Pryce said Ohio Legal Services in Columbus will receive a $200,000 federal grant toward an online legal self-help center.	A $900,000 federal grant will be received by Missouri Legal Services, said Deborah Pryce.	2
but uh that has been the major change that we have noticed in gardening and that's about the extent of what we've done just a little bit on the patio and uh and waiting for the the rain to subside so we can  mow we after about a month we finally got to mow this weekend	We have not done much gardening yet because of the rain.	0
yeah it's definitely a way out of the way where  where as	Yes. There is a definitely a way out of there, where as there isn't a way out of the other field.	1
Our review indicates that the Food and Drug Administration complied with the applicable requirements.	The FDS has suggestions but no regulations.	2
yeah they're still laying off like over in Fort Worth and a lot of other companies too just here and there	There are a lot of companies that are still laying people off.	0
This testing of the marketplace may range from written or telephone contacts with knowledgeable federal and non-federal experts regarding similar or duplicate requirements and the results of any market test recently undertaken, to the more formal sources-sought announcements in pertinent publications (e.g.	Sources-sought announcements in pertinent publications are better for the marketplace testing.	1
They just don't like it as much as men do.	Men like it much more than they do.	0
He pulled his cloak tighter and wished for a moment that he had not shaved his head.	The man  wrapped himself tightly in his cloak and was distressed about not having hair. 	0
The great breathtaking Italian adventure remains the road.	The road remains the Italy people want to see. 	0
Click Friedrich Hayek ring to go ...	Click Friedrick Hayey ring to go.	0
The Varanasi Hindu University has an Art Museum with a superb collection of 16th-century Mughal miniatures, considered superior to the national collection in Delhi.	The Varanasi Hindu University has an art museum on its campus which may be superior objectively to the national collection in Delhi.	0
These runs could cost far more than the value of the small improvement in service.	The runs would be a bigger cost than the improvement in service would bring.	0
Total electricity expenditures increase by about 15% to 30% depending on the year and the scenario (see Table 3, below, and the tables in Appendix 5.2 for more detail on the changing pattern of expenditures).	They wanted to make a case for how to save on electricity. 	1
36 AC usage nationally for mercury control from power plants should be roughly proportional to the total MWe of coal-fired facilities that are equipped with the technology (this assumes an average capacity factor of 85 percent and other assumptions of Tables 4-4 and 4-5).	AC usage for mercury control should be related to total coal facilities MWe.	0
well that's not why i got it right  how do you like your tread mill	That is not the reason I got it.	0
The public health official's version of the line, Take my wife, please, is Tell Americans to eat kale five times a week.	Public health officials believes that Americans should avoid kale in their diet completely.	2
um-hum yeah i saw that for the first time yesterday in the evening	I have seen that many times before.	2
Cruises are available from the Bhansi Ghat, which is near the CityPalace.	You can take cruises from Phoenix Arizona.	2
Critics complain that John Frankenheimer's miniseries about the Alabama governor and presidential candidate plays fast and loose with history.	Critics believe John Frankenheimer's miniseries is fast and loose with history. 	0
As the double-decker boats get ready to leave the pier, bells ring, the gangplank is raised, deckhands in blue sailor suits man the hawsers, and a couple of hundred commuters begin a seven-minute sightseeing tour.	The double decker boats are all out of service, so they never leave the pier.	2
Write, write, and write.	Keep on writing.	0
I shan't stop you."	I will stop you.	2
To help identify solutions to this problem, Senators Fred Thompson and John Glenn, Chairman and Ranking Minority Member, respectively, of the Senate Committee on Governmental Affairs, requested that we study organizations with superior security programs to identify management practices that could benefit federal agencies.	Senators Fred Thompson requested the study to benefit federal agencies.	0
In an effort to more thoroughly explore this topic, we expanded our discussions beyond the eight organizations that were the primary subjects of our study by requesting the Computer Security Institute to informally poll its most active members on this subject.	We kept silent to all organizations outside of the original eight.  	2
The town is also known for its sparkling wine and for the caves where about 70 per?­cent of France's cultivated mushrooms are grown.	The town grows 40% of the sparkling wine.	1
well the parts to to me i spent twenty two dollars on the parts	I spent 10 dollars on the parts.	2
The Wall Street Journal Business Bulletin has a fact that dramatizes how profoundly well-off this country is--Americans throw out approximately 12 percent of the stuff they buy at the supermarket.	Americans just throw away 12 percent of what they buy at gas stations.	2
CHAPTER 6: HUMAN CAPITAL	Humans have capital.	1
From the corner of his eye he saw Jamus look over the broken mare.	Jamus looked over the mare.	0
Growth continued for ten years, and by 1915 the town had telephones, round-the-clock electricity, and a growing population many of whom worked in the railroad repair shop.	The town was hooked up to the electricity and telephone grids because of its geographical importance.	1
U.S. civil legal services delivery system.	The us does not have a civil delivery system 	2
In the depths of the Cold War, many Americans suspected Communists had infiltrated Washington and were about to subvert our democracy.	Communists infiltrated Washington during the Cold War.	1
Where would he be today without American commercial know-how?	America is the best nation to adjust to changes.	1
Interesting Conflict Over Conflict of Interest	There is a huge conflict of interest between the president and his nominee.	1
A stable funding level not only supports GAO's strong return on investment of $57 for every $1 spent, it creates the environment necessary to recruit, retain, compensate, train and motivate a strong and capable workforce.	This is one of the highest returns on investment out of all the government agencies.	1
Bill Clinton has developed a rhetoric and a series of positions that span this divide.	Bill Clinton is aware of the current divide and is developing something.	0
Britain's best-selling tabloid, the Sun , announced as a front-page world exclusive Friday that Texan model Jerry Hall has started divorce proceedings against aging rock star Mick Jagger at the High Court in London.	There aren't any tabloid publications sold in Europe.	2
[Requires free registration.	Does not require free registration. 	2
To check this, the central bank has tripled interest rates and used hard currency reserves (now reduced to $10 billion in ready cash) to buy back rubles.	The central bank's interest rates have tripled in margin.	0