What are some lesser-known sights to see when visiting Plzeň, Czech Republic?	What are some lesser-known sights to see when visiting Brno, Czech Republic?	0
How does a U.S. citizen relinquish his U.S. citizenship?	How does a citizen of the U.S relinquish his/her citizenship? What are the advantages and disadvantages?	1
What are some of the creative career options after bcom in India?	What options other than a corporate job do B.Com Hons. graduates have?	0
Why do IT company like to ask coding questions which will almost never be applied to the real daily work?	Will multiculturalism ever work?	0
What is the best way to store brown sugar so it doesn't get hard?	What is the best way to store chopped onions?	0
What are the differences between a single and double action pistol?	How do double action and semi automatic pistols differ?	1
What is coffee?	What is coffee aroma?	0
Can the GIC money be used for paying tuition fees, in Canada?	Who used our tuition fee? And how was it used?	0
Can you help me get a lot more followers on Instagram?	How can you get 5k followers on Instagram?	1
Is writing a good profession?	Can writing be a good profession?	1
What derogatory terms did Nazis use to refer to Jews?	How were Nazis able to distinguish between Jews and Non-Jews?	0
A charter schools a better solution to the failing education system? What are the pros and cons of charter schools?	What are the pros and cons of Charter Schools? How do you feel they affect the education climate?	1
If God created the world, who created God?	Who created god if god created the Universe?	1
How is the student exchange program at FORE? Is it worth it?	Do NIFT students go for exchange program abroad?	0
Why does an insurance provider should have freedom?	What strikes first time visitors as special or unusual when they arrive in Overland Park, KS?	0
Which is the best and cheapest places to live in the world?	What are the best and cheapest places to live in the world?	1
How has life changed after executive MBA from IIMs?	How has a MBA from IIM changed your life?	1
How do I install VLC, GCC Compiler and Java in Fedora 22?	I installed my GCC with multilib disabled. How do I update or do I need to reinstall (and how to?) it in order to enable multilib and 32-bit compiler?	0
How do I work for getting into cyber security as my career?	Should I pursue data science or cyber security for a career, and why?	0
What are the best examples of position innovation?	What are the best examples of innovation?	0
What is the most interesting thing we learned about Argentina's World Cup team in their match against Bosnia & Herzegovina?	What is the most interesting thing we learned about Bosnia and Herzegovina's World Cup team in their match against Argentina?	0
Why does everyone in the world love Scottish people but detest the English?	Who would win in a battle: a Gorilla or a pack of twenty Wolves?	0
How did you develop a passive income stream?	What are some ways to create passive income streams?	1
I am thinkingto prepare for gate2018 biotecnnology.how to approach?	What public comparables would you use for doing a relative EV/EBITDA valuation of an organic wine company?	0
What is the difference between cheap and expensive bottled water?	Is bottled water better for you than tap water? 	0
"What are some examples of ""fiction""?"	What are some examples of fiction?	1
What are some of the ways you can calculate a discount percentage?	How do you calculate a percentage discount off a product?	1
What costume should I wear for Halloween?	What should I dress as for Halloween?	1
Psychology of Everyday Life: What are some of the greatest examples of presence of mind?	What are some great examples of presence of mind?	1
What is unusual or different about the food and cuisine in China?	What is unusual or different about the food and cuisine in Italy?	0
What are some insane facts about the Chernobyl nuclear disaster?	What are some facts about the Chernobyl nuclear disaster?	1
What do New Yorkers think about the design of the newly opened One World Trade Center?	In what ways is the current One World Trade Center a missed opportunity?	0
Am I just being insecure in this relationship?	How can I get over the insecurity of not being in a relationship?	0
Why is the mystery of Lal Bahadur Shastriji's death not solved yet? What is holding to resolve? Why was the autopsy report not made public?	Why the Government of India is not investigating Mr. Lal Bahadur Shastri's death?	0
How can I show appreciation to my girlfriend without physical contact?	Do blind people see black or white?	0
What is the best site for downloading e-books?	What are the best sites for downloading e-books?	1
Why is Manaphy annoying in Pokemon Ranger and The Temple of The Sea?	Why does Manaphy have an annoying cry in PokeMon ranger and the temple of the sea?	1
What are the top Ruby on Rails development shops in Pakistan?	What are the top Ruby on Rails Development shops in the U.S.?	0
How can I heal myself from glaucoma?	How can we prevent glaucoma?	0
can I make friend at age of 33?	What is a good way to make friends? Read the details	0
How do you turn love to hate?	How can love be turned into hate?	1
What is the human spleen for?	What is the function of the spleen in the human body?	1
With the launch of the BHIM app, the NPCI will have access to all of the banks of every citizen in India. What are the chances of misuse of this financial data?	What is your review of BHIM App? How is it going to change India?	0
How far back in time could we go in the UK before we would start to be unable to understand the English of the day?	I speak English. How far back in time could I go and still communicate with someone fluently?	1
Why do stray dogs make crying howling sounds in the night?	Why dogs howl at night?	1
How is transcendentalism different from romanticism?	What is romanticism in architecture?	0
What companies are expecting from the fresher (if they don't have any industrial exposer)?	What does a company want from a fresher?	0
What were the odds of Leicester City winning the EPL at the start of the season?	Considering the current form can Leicester City win the EPL this season?	1
How do you get a project funded?	How can I get funding for my project?	1
Is music like a language?	Is music really a language?	1
What should we do to face campus interviews?	How should one prepare for interviews?	1
Why does Hollywood suck at making a good video game movie?	Why aren't there any good video game movies?	1
What is the best way to prepare for IBPS PO in 10 days?	How do I prepare IBPS PO exam in one month?	0
What is there on the back side of a black hole?	Do we know what is on the side and in back of a black hole?	1
How can one live a simple and fulfilling life?	What is the best way to live good, and simple life?	1
Are aphrodisiac foods fact or fiction?	What are aphrodisiac foods?	0
What is a suitable inpatient drug and alcohol rehab center near Morgan County IL?	What is a suitable inpatient drug and alcohol rehab center near Mercer County IL?	0
What does the lock symbol with a circle around it on an iPhone mean?	What does the iPhone icon with lock and arrow mean?	1
Why was Cyrus Mistry removed as the chairman of Tata Sons?	Why Cyrus Mistry has been replaced by Ratan Tata?	1
How can we increase our observing power?	How can we increase observation power?	1
Why do Hindus worship animals?	Why do Hindus worship nature?	0
What happens when you stop consuming Synthroid abruptly?	What happens when you stop Synthroid?	1
Are there any conspiracy theories that are probably true? Any conspiracy theories that turned out to be true?	Are any of the conspiracy theories actually true?	1
Why do so many people ask things on Quora that they could just as easily Google?	Why do people use Quora when they know that they could find a more accurate answer on Google?	1
How do I find a good book editor?	What is the best way to find a good book editor?	1
Why the hell does Quora mark all my questions as needed improvement?	Can Quora quote the improvements needed in the questions when it is marked as 'Needing Improvement'?	1
What are Quora top questions?	Why aren't there top questioners on Quora?	0
"What is the meaning of the ending dialogue from the movie""Batman: The Dark Knight"" when Lt. James Gordon says, ""Because he's the hero Gotham deserves, but not the one it needs right now,"" about Batman?"	What is the summary of the movie Batman: The Dark Knight?	0
What are proteins of fast and slow absorption?	Can anyone tell me about Indian bodybuilder diet and workout?	0
Online job from home?	How do I make my 6th grade sister feel better about being bullied?	0
Will Hillary Clinton go to jail for her alleged crimes?	Why could Hillary Clinton go to jail?	1
What are the basic reasons you should vote for Trump?	Are there any logical reasons to support Donald Trump?	1
What are some interesting words related to the human voice, speaking, or talking?	"What is another way to say ""They have run out of water""?"	0
How can I know someone's Facebook email and password?	What can I do if I forgot my email for Kik?	0
What is the deep/dark web and how do you access it?	Can I somehow earn money on the deep/dark web?	0
How do I save YouTube downloaded offline videos to an SD card or play them using third party apps?	How can I download all my videos saved as offline in YouTube in my mobile?	0
What is the best place to vacation in Europe?	What is the best spot for a vacation in the world?	0
What should I do if my dog ate my cough drops?	What should I do if my dog ate cough drops?	1
Can you help me solve the problem below?	Can you help me solve this problem?	0
What is the view of arvind kejriwal on GST bill, as I have never seen any comments by him on same issue?	How is disaster relief fund distributed?	0
Should people be fired because of tasteless or racist tattoos?	What should be done with a police officer with a Nazi tattoo?	0
What is it like to get a master's in artificial intelligence from the University of Georgia?	Is A.I. an existential threat to humanity?	0
How should I stop masturbating?	How can I stop masturbations?	1
When was the wheel invented?	How was the wheel invented?	0
What are the most inspiring stories of late bloomers?	What are some of the most inspiring stories of late bloomers?	1
Why am I not curious?	Why am I always curious?	0
Is there any chance of World War III?	How close is a World War III?	1
How do you factory reset a Toshiba laptop?	How do you factory reset a Toshiba laptop? How can this be done without a disk?	1
How did hip-hop dance start?	How do you learn to dance hip hop?	0
What do I do when I have no motivation to carry on drawing my manga?	How hard is it to run a Google site?	0
What does this mean in Thai language?	Thai (language): What is meaning of สาปสังคีต and บ่วงสไบ?	0
How should I learn Korean?	What is the best way to learn Korean?	1
What is the square root of 1?	What is the square root of 1-i?	0
Have you ever had sex with a stranger?	Did you ever had sex with a stranger?	1
What is the best programming language I should learn as a beginner?	Which probably would be a better programming language to start up being a beginner?	1
Can Kohli be a better captain than Dhoni?	Who is a better captain Dhoni or Kohli?	0
Why is my Belkin N150 router blinking orange?	How do I setup a Belkin router on a Mac?	0
Where is the Nile river located and what is the importance of the Nile river?	Where is the Nile river?	1
What is an authoritarian government?	What effects do authoritarian governments objectively have on society?	0
What are the best ways to develop an interest in novels?	How should I develop interest towards reading novels?	1
How is it possible to have a fixed z axis in an animated matplotlib 3D surface?	What is the easiest software to animate in 3d?	0
Can a teacher / lecturer / prefessor reject a former student request of recommendation letter?	Hybrid electric vehicles future scope?	0
Farting releases stress do you agree?	How can you look at someone's private Instagram account without following them?	0
How do I see who viewed my instagram videos?	Can one tell who viewed my Instagram videos?	1
I have an IQ of 188 and I'm 14. Is this good or average?	Is it good for a 13 year old to have an IQ of 250?	0
What individuals and events in history are a source of pride for Laos?	What individuals and events in history are a source of pride for Mexico?	0
What is the difference between fruits and vegetables?	What is the difference between fruits and vegetables	1
When would someone use Apache Tez instead of Apache Spark, or vice versa?	I have existing MR app that can run on YARN. Can I run this app on Tez on YARN without any modification? If not, will it be possible in future?	0
When will self-driving cars be available for people to buy?	When will self-driving cars be available to consumers?	1
How did you deal with the death of your parents?	How can one deal with death?	0
What are the best reference books for computer applications class 9 ICSE?	What are the best reference books for icse class 9?	0
What are the most important things in life? And why?	What is the most important thing to have in life?	0
"Wisdom: ""If we really want to love we must learn how to forgive. -Mother Teresa"" Is the quote really true? Is your self respect more important or forgiving someone?"	How can we attain true wisdom?	0
How will you describe your professional journey so far?	How will you describe your journey on Quora so far?	0
What is the remainder when 7^35 is divided by 13?	What is the remainder if 7^121 is divided by 17?	0
Did democracy harm Taiwan's economic growth? Why or why not?	Is Taiwan a country?	0
Why do Iran and Israel hate each other?	Why did Obama turn his back on Israel and make the Iran deal?	0
If Asian isn't a race, how can you be racist towards Asians?	How can you be racist against Asians?	1
What are some interesting lesser known historical events?	What are the most interesting but little known historical events?	1
Why is India performing bad in Olympics?	Why is India so bad at Olympics and football?	1
Why do we need laws in society? What would life be like without them?	How does law change the society?	0
Why are prisoners hanged in India between 4 a.m. and before sunrise?	Why is a medical check needed before hanging someone?	0
How do I get into cyber security with no background?	How do I get started in the cyber security industry?	1
What are the best ways to learn to cook?	How do I learn to cook?	1
Which one comes first, charisma or self confidence?	How do tailored shirts fit?	0
Why don't we value people when they alive instead feeling sad after they dead?	Over 4,000 people from my country (Nepal) have died because of an earthquake. I don't feel sad and therefore I don't want to donate. What's wrong with my emotions?	0
Why are panda bears going extinct?	How do I ensure I make the most of my college life?	0
Is Telangana having a sustainable development?	Do Telangana have sustainable development?	1
What is the state of India's relationship with Israel?	What are the highlights of the relationship between India and Israel?	1
How does a person learn how to hack?	How does one learn how to hack?	1
"What does ""a bit under the weather"" mean?"	"What does ""little under the weather"" mean?"	1
How do we observe planets with radio telescopes?	Can we see planets with radio telescopes?	1
What is a cake mix?	What would you do if ordered a cake for a child's birthday, and a mix-up led to you receiving an erotic cake instead?	0
What are the top 5 TED talks that you took away the most learnings from?	I love Ted Talks. In your opinion what are the top 5 best Ted Talks and why?	1
What are your best tips to break bad habits?	What are the most effective ways to break bad habits?	1
How will a Trump presidency affect people with disabilities?	What is the worst thing a significant other has said to you?	0
How communist parties in India again come back to power?	If communists are so egalitarian and working for deprived section of our society, why are they unsuccessful so far, is it necesary to be a populist party in this country to come in power?	0
What are some ways to lose belly fat and ONLY belly fat? (besides going vegan).	What's a good workout plan to lose belly fat?	1
Why did Johanna Mason strip naked in front of everybody within the elevator in Catching Fire (the movie)?	Why does there seem to be such tension between Katniss and Peeta from the opening moments of The Hunger Games: Catching Fire (2013 movie)?	0
How do I pass the 1Z0-425 exam?	How can I pass the C2180-607 exam?	0
What are some good alternatives to pornhub?	What does pornhub office look like?	0
Who is your best friend? Why?	Who is my best friend?	1
What is competitor Analysis and how do I analyze competitor website?	How do I do a competitor analysis for my website?	0
How close is vat-grown meat to commercialization?	How close are we to switching from animal meat to meat grown in labs?	1
"Do you know movies similar to ""One Flew over the Cuckoo's Nest"" or ""Girl, Interrupted""?"	In One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest, why did X do something to Y?	0
Do men and their unborn children deserve some reproductive rights?	Do men deserve reproductive rights?	1
I'm a boy. Why do I like to wear girls' clothes?	I want to dress smartly like a gentleman? How can I do this?	0
What is the best way to learn advance sql?	What is the best way to learn advance java?	0
What is the corporate culture like at C&J Energy Services? How is the culture different than other companies?	What is the corporate culture like at Republic Services? How is the culture different than other companies?	0
How do I successfully rob a bank for a large profit?	How does one successfully rob a bank in America?	0
What is a breezer?	What is the difference between wine, vodka, breezer, beer, alcohol, and rum?	0
Is it true that matter/energy actually can be created and/or destroyed?	Why can’t matter be created or destroyed?	0
How do I write a polite and nice letter to my professor (in college) to take out one homework grade?	Do colleges look at your freshman year grades?	0
What are some tips on making it through the job interview process at Independent Bank?	What are some tips on making it through the job interview process at Commerce Bank?	0
Which government psu Exam (non gate) is very easy to crack for engineers?	Is it true that Japanese work more than 80 hour work week in Japan?	0
What is your purpose of life?	What's it like to have a purpose in life?	0
How do I translate these sentences?	What is the translation of these sentences?	0
Bodybuilding cutting diet?	How do you cut (bodybuilding)?	0
What kind of economy does Switzerland have, and how is Austria's different?	What kind of economy does Switzerland have, and how is Germany's different?	0
How can I travel to Mexico without a passport?	Can I travel to Mexico without a passport?	1
What is the size and how long does it take Visual Studio 2015 to download and install?	Why does it take so overly long to install visual studio and why does it need a restart?	0
Saying there is infinite energy in zero point energy and infinite virtual particles in vacuum energy, is this a real or just a mathematical thing?	Saying that there's infinite energy in zero point energy and infinite virtual particles in vacuum energy, is this a real or just a mathematical thing?	1
What causes shoulder pain to be worse at night?	What can be the causes to feel shoulder pain when sitting? How can it be treated?	0
How did Indians live in Ancient times (around tenth century)?	Big boss 10 links?	0
Is it better to hire a UI/graphic designer for equity or to contract that work?	Do industrial designers possess the skills and knowledge to be good UI/UX designers? Are graphic designers more appropriate hires if both are fresh graduates?	0
Which is the best headphone under Rs 3000?	What are the best headphones under Rs. 3000 available in India?	1
Who is your favorite person to be around and why?	Who is your favorite personality and why?	0
What is the difference between front end and back end development?	What is difference between front end and back end web developer?	1
How is New Zealand for Indian students wants to study in New Zealand?	What is it like an Indian Student studying in New Zealand?	1
What should I know to get into GSoC?	How should I prepare for GSoC?	1
What are some of the important misinterpreted, distorted or twisted facts of Indian history?	What is the reason for distorting Indian history?	1
How do you decide what career is best for you?	How do you decide on the career you want?	1
Am a undergraduate student (1st year).in cse how can I prepare for gsoc.how should I start to crack it first attemp?	How can I apply for a summer internship in my first year? I am a CSE student at IIT Jodhpur.	0
Is oral sex considered a sexual intercourse?	Why is oral sex considered more intimate than vaginal sex?	0
How fast is 60 mbps?	What is the full form of Mbps?	0
Is it offensive if a white person wears henna?	Name some of the most famous horse trainers in the world?	0
When will Luffy meet Shanks again?	What is the bounty on Whitebeard, Ace, Shanks and Hawkeyes heads?	0
Design a server architecture for serving Google maps images?	Why is Austria not part of Google Street View?	0
How do you make a call to a private number?	How do you make a call from a private number?	0
Why is incest a taboo?	Why is incest considered bad and taboo?	1
What are the best weights for weight loss?	How can I lose weight quickly?	0
Does the Eiffel Tower grow?	Where is the Eiffel Tower?	0
What are some non-fiction writers who showcase eleborate yet elegant prose?	HOW DO I CHANGE A COSX +B COSY= SOME COS?	0
I was born in a home and my birth is not registered in any municipal office and I am 18 now. How can I get my birth certificate?	How do I get a birth certificate in India if it was not registered when I was born?	1
Could you please give some weight loss advice for me and my husband?	Can anybody give me any advice on losing weight safely?	1
Is there an app for Android that let's you remotely access and control other Android devices, like TeamViewer for PC?	Is there an Android app that can be used to set the buttons of an Android set top box remote control to the functions of a second Android app?	0
Why do people ask questions on Quora that could simply be googled?	Why do so many people ask google-able questions on Quora?	1
What is the name of this anime and what is it about?	What is the name of the anime where two girls get into a story book and have to play the heroines of the story to get out?	0
Why are climate scientists saying that the situation is worse than they first estimated it to be?	Will mosquitoes be worse in DC this year because of climate change? How much has the climate actually changed in the last 10 years?	0
What is some historical evidence that Jesus existed?	What is the evidence for and against the existence of the historical Jesus?	1
What are some good changes in Delhi after Arvind Kejriwal became Chief Minister?	What has Arvind Kejriwal achieved as a Delhi CM since coming to power?	1
Which should I choose - iOS, Android or Windows Mobile to develop my mobile app?	I'm creating a mobile app. While it's being developed, what should I do to enhance my chances of success?	0
How is Makedayspecial.com?	How do you find Drawberry.com?	0
Breaking Bad (TV series): Why do people hate Skyler White so much?	Breaking Bad (TV series): Why don't Hank and Marie have any children?	0
What is PAN number of LIC Housing Finance Ltd?	Can I pay LIC housing loan repayment from any office?	0
Can I live anywhere in Manhattan with a yearly income of $480,000?	How much should someone make to live comfortably in Manhattan?	0
I often hear someone say 'that is fine with me' and others say 'that is fine for me', do they have the same meanings?	"What is the meaning of the phrase ""mighty fine""?"	0
What are some large restaurant chains in your country that are not located world wide?  (i.e. - No KFC, McDonalds, or Subway)	Why do lots of Chinese prefer eating McDonald’s or KFC?	0
What should I do if my guinea pig has a vitamin C deficiency?	What causes vitamin C deficiency in guinea pigs?	0
Is it compulsory in civil drawing to heading the drawing to north?	Lokamanya Tilak or Jyotiba Phule, who started Shivajayanti and when?	0
What is TCP/IP?	What is windowing in TCP/IP?	0
What are components of Strava, Garmin Connect stacks?	How can I make a simple network to connect 4 clients with a server? What components do I need?	0
I want to start the event organizing business with my friends at Hyderabad. Is it a good idea?	I just got an offer from a company and I will start in 2 weeks. Is it a good idea to update my linkedin with the new job?	0
Jesus taught love & acceptance, so why do evangelical christians contradict that basic concept and try to convert everyone into their specific faith?	Why do Christians and Muslims try to convert people to their faith?	0
What is the most funny or interesting story you know about wearing jeans?	Which plan is better for internet for home purpose?	0
How do I train my lhasa apso puppy?	How do I train my Lhasa Apso?	1
How do you become an independent marketer?	How can I become independent?	0
How is enterprise mobility driving the consumerization of IT?	Time for incorporation of LLP?	0
What is an analogy for a smooth ER?	What is an analogy for smooth ER?	1
If you had a house elf like from Harry Potter, what would you name him/her and how would you treat him/her?	What would you do if your partner or lover doesn't like your profession and you love him/her a lot?	0
"What is the Bruce Springsteen song ""Dancing in the Dark"" about?"	Did Bruce Springsteen serve in Vietnam?	0
Can a narcissist fall in love?	Are narcissists incapable of love?	1
What is the risk side for giving antivenom to envenomated people?	What is the best way for an unexperienced person to start a business without any risk?	0
How does knowledge differs from skill?	How does knowledge differ from opinion?	0
What are good gifts for a foreign visitor to bring when they're invited to someone's home in Singapore for the first time?	What are good gifts for a foreign visitor to bring when they're invited to someone's home in the Netherlands for the first time?	0
Why does Facebook post makes you feel envious?	Why does Facebook post creates feeling of envious?	1
Why is it that my girlfriend when I get upset she gets more upset , talks about herself than listening ,finally I end comforting her ?	My girlfriend gets jealous when I talk to other girls, but she talks and texts other guys endlessly. Why is she being unfair?	0
How can I find a job that I think I could enjoy doing?	How do I find the job I want?	1
What universities does Chefs' Warehouse recruit new grads from? What majors are they looking for?	What universities does Sportsman's Warehouse recruit new grads from? What majors are they looking for?	0
What can I do to earn money?	What would you do if you did not have to earn money?	0
According to you, when will humanity be able to build a quantum computer that works ideally?	If humans eventually create human level AI cyborgs that do our bidding, will the majority of humanity finally be able to stop working for a living?	0
What are the criteria for gaining citizenship in the Netherlands? Does an international student need to know Dutch in order to attend a university in the Netherlands?	What r the criteria of gettin citizenship in Netherlands? Does an International student need2know Dutch to b able2study in a university of Netherlands?	1
Do you need friends?	Why do we need friends?	0
What actually happens when antimatter meets matter?	What happens if antimatter and matter collide?	1
How do I prepare for a score of 300+ in the BITSAT?	How do I prepare for bitsat in 2 months? I haven't done any preparation jee. I want bitsat score above 340.	0
How are you celebrating Diwali this year?	What is the best way to celebrate this Diwali?	0
Does Mortal Kombat X (2015) on PC have a local multiplayer?	What happened to Bi-Han in Mortal Kombat X?	0
How can you simply tell if you are in an inertial or non inertial frame?	What are inertial and non inertial frames?	0
Does it turn off a guy if I drink 2cans of 4lokos in his car before going into the club/bar?	Does it turn off a guy to drink 2 4lokos in his car before going into a bar?	1
If you live in Sweden, what Amazon site do you shop at?	If you live in Switzerland, what Amazon site do you shop at?	0
What is the oldest piece of written history?	What is the oldest recorded history?	1
What's the difference between big data and cloud computing?	Is it necessary to learn cloud computing before Hadoop and big data?	0
Do we regret the stuff we didn't do?	Should we regret or not?	0
How can my partner get himself to stop cuming so quickly?	What is premature ejaculation?	0
How do ballistic missiles aim and change direction?	How do missiles aim and change direction?	0
How do I become a great programmer?	What should I do to be good programmer?	1
Selected in Accenture through campus recruitment with package 3.5 lkh pa,should I give amcat & elitmus for better package or should I join Accnture?	Am preparing for gate 2016 and also have been placed in argusoft through college placement with package of 3.5 lakh should I go for gate or job?	0
What are the best books about the science of sound?	What is the best book about science?	0
How did Islam spread?	How Islam spread around the world?	1
What are the advantages of federalism?	What is federalism? What are the advantages?	1
Why is my heart beating really fast for no reason?	Why is my heart beating faster for no reason?	1
What organisms belong in the Kingdom Eubacteria?	What are the major kingdoms of the living world?	0
Does the express VPN is the best in the world? Especially in China?	Can India become a good place for sex tourism for foreign females and earn revenue for the country?	0
What are some good self-publishing houses in India?	Which online/offline publishing house offers the best self-publishing platform/medium in India?	1
Where can I watch US TV series free?	Which website can I watch free TV series?	0
What is the best chess strategy?	What are the best chess strategy?	1
What the difference between western culture and Chinese culture?	What are the major differences between Chinese and western culture?	1
Has the IQ dropped dramatically in the Western World?	Has IQ dropped in western world?	1
What are the pros and cons of giving birth to a child in the US given that the parents are non-citizens (with a chance that they will naturalize in a few years)?	If a US citizen gives birth outside the US, is the baby a US citizen?	0
What is the procedure for admission of international students to ITMO?	What is the ENS admission process for international students?	0
How to prepare for CA Final exams?	What is the best way to prepare for CA final ISCA?	1
If Trump gets elected, how long will he last, and what will be the last straw?	Realistically, how long would Trump last in the presidential role before, in some way, he was removed?	1
What material could I use to make a paper thin flexible touch screen phone?	What is the purpose of degrading lignin in paper making? Why is lignin not used as a material to make paper?	0
How can I set better themes for Lenovo Vibe k5note?	Speak to a foreigner for the first time?	0
What can I say to describe my need for financial aid at Coursera?	How can I apply for financial aid for multiple classes at Coursera?	0
Are acupuncture points in close alignment with lymph nodes or follow the lymphatic fluid system?	How can I tell if my lymph nodes are swollen?	0
What are some examples of technology developed in Ancient Rome?	What are some inventions that were made in Ancient Rome?	1
Why does the Islamic Ummah go on global rampage over Muhammad cartoons but is unperturbed over atrocities and genocide of Arab Christians and Yazidis?	Why do some Muslims get offended by visual depictions of Mohammed, to such an extreme degree?	0
What does it feel like to work at Citrix in Bangalore?	What is it like to work at Citrix in Bangalore?	1
What is the difference between Exynos 5433 and Snapdragon 805? Which is faster in Samsung Galaxy Note 4?	What are the reviews of Snapdeal? Should I buy a Samsung Galaxy Note 4?	0
When will my questions be answered?	When will I get my question answered?	1
What does a biotechnology company do?	What are biotechnology companies in Egypt?	0
What is the best romantic novels like pride and prejudice?	Why is Jane Austen's Pride and Prejudice more popular than her other novels, such as Persuasion?	0
What does Harsha Bhogle read?	Who is Harsha Bhogle?	0
What are the most abundant natural resources in New York, and how do these resources compare to the ones in Colorado?	What are the most abundant natural resources in New York, and how do these resources compare to the ones in California?	0
"What is the difference between ""behaviour and attitude""?"	What’s the difference between behavior and attitude?	1
What is the highest package for NIT Calicut in Chemical branch in 2015?	Which NIT bagged the highest package in placement season 2014-2015?	0
What are the social responsibilities of the IT companies?	"What is a ""social response""?"	0
What does paperback book mean on Flipkart and Amazon? I understand the difference between an e-book and a hard copy. Will paperback simply be the same as the one that I might buy at any regular store?	What are the best dimensions for a paperback book? Why?	0
How do you select which courses to offer on coursera?	How can I watch the archived course in EDX or Coursera?	0
How does Hillary Clinton feel about Donald Trump?	What is the thing about Donald Trump vs. Hillary Clinton?	0
What is the difference between virtual reality, augmented reality and mixed reality?	From a technical perspective, what are key building blocks in an augmented reality software platform? Is it very different from virtual reality?	0
What is the chipset on the motherboard?	What is the chipset in a motherbord? How do we identify the chipset in motherboard?	1
How can we leave MNC jobs to work for more meaningful NGOs and yet earn similarly?	First copy of Adidas Nike in Banglore?	0
Who developed makaan.com website?	Who developed lyst.com website?	0
"What is the significance of Pablo Neruda's poem ""Ode to the Sea""?"	Does 14 symbolize the hanging man?	0
What is the meaning of Hindi/Urdu word 'Maaf' and 'Kshama'?	What is the meaning of Hindi/Urdu word 'hairat'?	0
What is the latency on Google Maps traffic updates?	What is the future of the Google Maps traffic updates?	0
How do googlers estimate how long they will finish their tasks?	How do people pay and outsource their daily tasks on social medias such as primarily Instagram?	0
What are the best new features of iOS 10?	What are the best new features of iOS 8?	0
What is extranet? What is the difference between the internet, intranet, and extranet and what are some examples?	What is the difference between the internet, intranet, and extranet?	1
How are the relations between India and North Korea?	How are the relations between India & North Korea?	1
What websites are like Tympanus' Codrops?	Website design recommendations?	0
What's the best programmnig language for begginers?	What is the best programming language I should learn as a beginner?	1
What does legislation mean?	What is legislative business?	0
How can the BJP justify wasting 3600 crore of the taxpayer’s money on a statue of Shivaji?	What do you think of the decision by the Indian Government to demonetize 500 and 1000 rupee notes?	0
I am a candidate from OBC background. I have got 84% in 10th standard and 89.6% in 12th standard. What should be my ideal CPI in college and the CAT score to get into IIM A, B, C?	I have X% in 10th, Y% in 12th and Z% in Undergrad, what should be my CAT score to make it to an IIM?	0
What is natural selection in biology?	What is natural selection?	0
What are the best ways to lose weight?	What would be a realistic plan to lose weight?	1
What are the best books on trading?	What are some good books on electronic trading?	0
Can I use my wife's car to drive for Uber if the car is just in her name?	Can I add my wife's car to my Uber account?	1
Do you jews consider what you do human or do not even bother about it?	Assuming you could define the story of humanity, what would you say about the present? Considering all people as one individual born and aging, what is it doing now and why?	0
How do I get into an undergraduate (business) program of a top tier university in the USA (e.g., Harvard, UPenn, Berkeley) as an Indian?	How do I get into an undergraduate (business) program of a top tier university in the USA (e.g., Harvard, UPenn, Berkeley) as a German (European)?	0
Is a third World War imminent?	How close are we to World War Three, and how bad would it be?	1
What are the responsibilities of a citizen?	What is a responsible citizen?	0
How much equity do I give an app developer?	How much equity should I give an app developer?	1
Why should I not vote for Donald Trump?	Why shouldn't I vote for Donald Trump?	1
Andrew Ng: What role will Machine Learning play in the future of education, if any?	Andrew Ng: What is/are the next big things in machine learning?	0
What is the best way to deal with social anxiety disorder?	What are the best ways for dealing with social anxiety?	1
What does surgical strike mean?	Why is a surgical strike named so?	1
How should I earn money online working from home?	How can I earn money part time online?	1
Is Paul McCartney considered a great bassist?	Does Paul McCartney play left handed guitar?	0
What should I do when my wife likes to talk with other men I don't like?	Why don't women like cocky men?	0
What is the difference between industrial psychology and human resource manager?	What's the difference between the competency and capability in human resource management?	0
What TV series changed your life?	Which TV series has changed your life? And what are those changes?	1
How do I focus?	How can I focus in class?	0
"How is the word ""ground"" used in a sentence?"	How is the word 'precariously' used in a sentence?	0
I have an untreatable and life-long disabling neurological disease. What is the easiest and most painless way I can commit suicide?	What is the easiest and painless way to commit suicide?	1
Which should I choose: Resnick-Halliday or HC verma for IIT JEE Advanced?	I have completed D.C. Pandey and I'm doing H. C. Verma. Should I solve Cengage problems in physics for the JEE Advanced? Is it good enough?	0
What are some good software product companies in Hyderabad?	What are the product based software companies/startups in hyderabad?	0
How is m/s/s mathematically equivalent to m/s^2?	How is km/h*s mathematically equivalent to m/s^2?	0
Who invented the steam engine?	Who invented the steam engine	1
How do you guys wake up without an alarm clock?	How can I train my body to wake up early without any alarm clock?	1
What gives the yolk of organic or free-range eggs their distinct orange-yellow colour?	What is the difference between a yellow and an orange egg yolk?	0
What do software developers miss when switching from Linux to Mac OS?	What are the main features a Linux (Ubuntu) user would miss when moving to Mac OS X?	1
Do brokers are necessary for opening demart and trading account and how can they help?	How do I create an account for my customers where they can login and see the products they've purchased?	0
What is the value of sec^-1 (cos (-3/5))?	What is the value of cos 1?	0
How can I see who asked an anonymous question on Quora?	How can I see who asked a question on Quora?	0
What is the benefit of blockchain technology?	What is a business case for a bank to use a blockchain technology?	0
Do you think the alt-right, populists, and nationalism will be in government for a long time?	Which is a better option for a middle class family: Personal dish for TV or a set top box provided by the local cable operator?	0
How do I prepare for the UGC NET English Literature at home?	How do I prepare for UGC NET English Literature exam?	1
Are all of the rings on an Olympic track the same length?	What are the biggest scandals in Olympic history?	0
What is the father name of PR?	"Why do Arabic names be like Abu-XYZ, when ""Abu"" means ""father of""?"	0
What is the Sahara, and how do the average temperatures there compare to the ones in the Karakum Desert?	What is the Sahara, and how do the average temperatures there compare to the ones in the Syrian Desert?	1
Is your education worth it?	In your opinion, is education worth it?	1
Can you lose weight in 2 months?	How can I lose fat in 2 weeks?	0
What is CGPA?	How do I calculate CGPA?	0
How do companies like policyadvisor.in, getmeinsure.com get insurance data? Do they use any kind of api service to fetch data from multiple insurance companies?	How do companies like Policybazaar.com, bankbazaar.com get insurance data? Do they use any kind of api service to fetch data from multiple insurance companies?	0
Where can I found famous designers for exclusive wardrobes in Sydney?	Where can I found personal design wardrobes in Sydney?	0
Is it possible to become intelligent in late twenties after spending quater of the life being average?	Is there a logistics tracking system where users can login to track where their shipment is?	0
How do you know if it is love or lust?	How do you know it's true love and not out of loneliness, lust, or other fogged judgement that you end up pursuing someone?	0
How do you determine sizing for Clarks Desert Boots?	How do you tie desert boots?	0
Do you think Quora app is slow and crashes sometimes?	Why is Quora so slow?	0
Which are the best Bollywood movies in 2016?	What is your favorite Bollywood movie in 2016?	1
What does the blue reflectors on the road do?	What are blue road reflectors?	1
Does good and evil exist?	Can good exist without evil?	0
When you have surgery under anesthesia, do you not feel the pain, or not remember the pain?	Is it comfortable to die in anesthesia? Or do we feel pain?	0
What rank can I expect if I get 70 marks in GATE Mechanical 2016 3rd batch?	Can I get a PSU for a rank of 439 in GATE 2016 in mechanical?	0
How much would it cost to build an iPhone app just like Groupon's?	How much does it cost to build an iPhone app just like Instagram?	0
Why were US carriers absent from Pearl Harbor on December 7, 1941, yet all the older, slower battleships were still there?	What would have happened if the Japanese had not attacked Pearl Harbor? Would the U.S. have still gotten into the war with Germany?	0
What should one do to forget his first love?	How do I forget my first love?	0
How many black airline pilots are there in the US?	How much power does an airline pilot have?	0
What are the best online resources (blogs, articles, etc.) on film directing?	What's the best resource online to learn in depth on SaaS?	0
Which is the best Android smartphone below 20K?	Which is the best Android smartphones under 20k?	1
How do I prepare for the CAT 2015 candidate?	How should one prepare for CAT 2016?	1
What's classy if you’re rich, but trashy if you're poor?	What's classy if you're trashy, but rich if you're poor?	1
Are there any perks of being a dark skinned girl in India?	Being dark complexioned, I have never grabbed male attention. In India, does the skin color of girl matter in love or marriage?	0
How one can achieve inner peace?	How did you find inner peace?	1
What is your favorite letter in the American alphabet?	Should we capitalize the first letters of colors?	0
What are the 10 best English TV series to watch?	What TV series are worth watching?	0
What should I do before going to my university?	What should I do on my year off university?	1
What's your favorite thing to do? Why?	What's your favorite thing to do?	1
"""How to make money?"""	How could I make money now?	1
I am an extremely good wing defender but I cant shoot well, what position should I play in basketball?	Is Eminem mentally retarded?	0
How do I make my life simple?	How can I make life simple?	1
What are the best tech companies in Canada for finding a Machine Learning job?	How do I get a job at a big tech company like Facebook or Google?	0
Who will be the new president of USA?	Who will be president of the united states?	1
How can I retrieve a discarded draft on Gmail?	How can you find all of your Gmail accounts?	0
Does aeronautical engineering have scope?	What is the scope in aeronautical engineering?	0
How do you manage to deal with stress?	What is the best way to deal with mental stress?	1
How do I can whole tomatoes?	Is tomato puree the same as tomato paste?	0
Carnegie Mellon University: Why is Panther Hollow Inn closing?	At Carnegie Mellon University, what's the difference between prime double and standard double?	0
What do I gift my boyfriend for his birthday?	What should I gift my boyfriend on his birthday?	1
How many of you read on wattpad?	What are some of the best Wattpad reads?	0
How do alkali metals and alkaline earth metals differ?	What are halogens, alkaline earth metals and alkali metals?	0
Why did you do drugs?	Why do people do drugs?	0
How many total members in akatsuki?	"How do you perceive the ""ownership"" of your Quora Answers?"	0
"What is the analysis of ""My First Acquaintance With Poets"" by William Hazlitt?"	Hw do I improv myself? Hw to bring my self-confidence up? Igot 81% Xth, 81% XIIth but nw 54.53% engg.I hv still 2 more sem.Gv me tips to boost my aggre?	0
What should wear with orange pants?	What can I wear with red pants?	0
How do I gain weight in naturally way?	How can I gain weight but also eat healthy?	1
"What are the best examples of ""girls will be girls""?"	"What are some short stories about ""girls will be girls""?"	1
What would happen if Trump actually has the beginning signs of Alzheimer's or dementia and is elected?	Legally, what happens if Clinton is indicted before the election? Would Trump win by default?	0
What's the correlation between having perfect pitch and being a great singer/having a great singing voice?	Do all opera singers have perfect pitch?	0
What are some ways to avoid addiction?	How do I avoid addictions?	1
If energy is not conserved in an expanding universe, can infinite energy be created? Is it potential energy or potentiality infinite?	If energy is created and not conserved in an expanding universe (that expands without limit) can infinite energy be created then?	1
Why is it racist to present an image of black people as liking fried chicken and watermelon? How did this stereotype come to be?	Why are black people often associated with fried chicken and watermelon?	1
What do snails eat?	How and what do snails eat?	1
Does red bull drink contain bull sperm?	Does Red Bull contain bull sperm?	1
Does George Lucas know how bad the Star Wars prequels are?	Was the idea of Star Wars completely imagined by George Lucas?	0
What are some interesting and little known facts about Alibaug?	What are some little known facts about Walmart?	0
Who is Batman's greatest foe?	How many of Batman's foes end up in asylums and how many in prison?	0
Why is water gas (mixture of hydrogen gas and carbon monoxide)  called as water gas?	What is flash point of hydrogen gas?	0
Why is Jake Williams so famous?	"How/when did Jake Williams get ""famous"" on Quora?"	1
What are the APPROVALS required for A real ESTATE PROJECT?	How DOES A SOCIOPATH EXPRESS LOVE?	0
Which is the largest city in the world by area?	Which is the largest city in the world?	0
Why does sickle cell anemia cause pain?	Can a sickle cell anemia be cured?	0
Do you think I can get into MIT(pls read the details)?	Do you think I'll get into MIT?	0
Why was my question marked as needing improvement?	Why does Quora always marks my question as needing improvement?	1
What is the best way to evenly ripen a quart of hard and tart supermarket strawberries? Should they be left on the counter, in the fridge, or a combination of both?	What is the best way to ripen nectarines?	0
What do Afghans think of Indians?	Afghanistan: What do Afghans think of Hamid Karzai?	0
"Why is a live-in relationship considered ""bad"" and ""immoral"" in Indian society?"	Why Indian society does not accept live-in relationships?	1
Nigeria anime WhatsApp group?	Can you travel on a plane with marijuana?	0
Does Instagram support GIFs?	How do I share GIFs on Instagram?	0
How do I see old snapchat conversations?	Can I recover old Snapchats?	0
What can you learn from Ajay Chandrakar?	What can we learn from Ajay Chandrakar?	1
How do I research in computer science at mphil?	How do I get into computer science research?	0
Which are the best whey protein brands in India?	What are the best brands producing whey protein in India?	1
Was 9-11 an inside job?	What is the best evidence that 9/11 was an inside job?	1
How did Alan Rickman die?	What Alan Rickman movie did you like the most?	0
Why are men forced to dress in restrictive outfits like the tuxedo, simple tops and pants, while women can wear relaxing sporty outfits?	Should there be a particular dress code for women?	0