the threat implied in the title pokémon 4ever is terrifying – like locusts in a horde these things will keep coming .	0
lacks the spirit of the previous two , and makes all those jokes about hos and even more unmentionable subjects seem like mere splashing around in the muck .	0
poignant if familiar story of a young person suspended between two cultures .	1
" austin powers in goldmember " has the right stuff for silly summer entertainment and has enough laughs to sustain interest to the end .	1
purports to be a hollywood satire but winds up as the kind of film that should be the target of something deeper and more engaging . oh , and more entertaining , too .	0
works because we're never sure if ohlinger's on the level or merely a dying , delusional man trying to get into the history books before he croaks .	1
passion , melodrama , sorrow , laugther , and tears cascade over the screen effortlessly . . .	1
the artwork is spectacular and unlike most animaton from japan , the characters move with grace and panache .	1
franco is an excellent choice for the walled-off but combustible hustler , but he does not give the transcendent performance sonny needs to overcome gaps in character development and story logic .	1
campanella's competent direction and his excellent cast overcome the obstacles of a predictable outcome and a screenplay that glosses over rafael's evolution .	1
scherfig , the writer-director , has made a film so unabashedly hopeful that it actually makes the heart soar . yes , soar .	1
you won't look at religious fanatics -- or backyard sheds -- the same way again .	1
laugh-out-loud lines , adorably ditsy but heartfelt performances , and sparkling , bittersweet dialogue that cuts to the chase of the modern girl's dilemma .	1
any intellectual arguments being made about the nature of god are framed in a drama so clumsy , there is a real danger less sophisticated audiences will mistake it for an endorsement of the very things that bean abhors .	0
a smart and funny , albeit sometimes superficial , cautionary tale of a technology in search of an artist .	1
a so-so , made-for-tv something posing as a real movie .	0
spirit is a visual treat , and it takes chances that are bold by studio standards , but it lacks a strong narrative .	0
fred schepisi's film is paced at a speed that is slow to those of us in middle age and deathly slow to any teen . with a cast of a-list brit actors , it is worth searching out .	1
a good-looking but ultimately pointless political thriller with plenty of action and almost no substance .	0
while hoffman's performance is great , the subject matter goes nowhere .	0
cockettes has the glorious , gaudy benefit of much stock footage of those days , featuring all manner of drag queen , bearded lady and lactating hippie .	1
gangs , despite the gravity of its subject matter , is often as fun to watch as a good spaghetti western .	1
the film may not hit as hard as some of the better drug-related pictures , but it still manages to get a few punches in .	1
a remarkable movie with an unsatisfying ending , which is just the point .	1
quietly engaging .	1
if the man from elysian fields is doomed by its smallness , it is also elevated by it--the kind of movie that you enjoy more because you're one of the lucky few who sought it out .	1
you cannot guess why the cast and crew didn't sign a pact to burn the negative and the script and pretend the whole thing never existed .	0
it's a feel-bad ending for a depressing story that throws a bunch of hot-button items in the viewer's face and asks to be seen as hip , winking social commentary .	0
mostly , [goldbacher] just lets her complicated characters be unruly , confusing and , through it all , human .	1
an awful movie that will only satisfy the most emotionally malleable of filmgoers .	0
a real snooze .	0
even though the film doesn't manage to hit all of its marks , it's still entertaining to watch the target practice .	1
routine and rather silly .	0
it's supposed to be a humorous , all-too-human look at how hope can breed a certain kind of madness -- and strength -- but it never quite adds up .	0
this kind of hands-on storytelling is ultimately what makes shanghai ghetto move beyond a good , dry , reliable textbook and what allows it to rank with its worthy predecessors .	1
proves a servicable world war ii drama that can't totally hide its contrivances , but it at least calls attention to a problem hollywood too long has ignored .	1
move over bond ; this girl deserves a sequel .	1
ah , the travails of metropolitan life ! alas , another breathless movie about same !	0
peppered with witty dialogue and inventive moments .	1
the best didacticism is one carried by a strong sense of humanism , and bertrand tavernier's oft-brilliant safe conduct ( " laissez-passer " ) wears its heart on its sleeve .	1
this is one of those rare docs that paints a grand picture of an era and makes the journey feel like a party .	1
. . . a quietly introspective portrait of the self-esteem of employment and the shame of losing a job . . .	1
grant carries the day with impeccable comic timing , raffish charm and piercing intellect .	1
this is very much of a mixed bag , with enough negatives to outweigh the positives .	0
represents a worthy departure from the culture clash comedies that have marked an emerging indian american cinema .	1
the stunt work is top-notch ; the dialogue and drama often food-spittingly funny .	0
in this film we at least see a study in contrasts ; the wide range of one actor , and the limited range of a comedian .	0
it's got all the familiar bruckheimer elements , and schumacher does probably as good a job as anyone at bringing off the hopkins/rock collision of acting styles and onscreen personas .	1
it has become apparent that the franchise's best years are long past .	0
some movies can get by without being funny simply by structuring the scenes as if they were jokes : a setup , delivery and payoff . stealing harvard can't even do that much . each scene immediately succumbs to gravity and plummets to earth .	0
muddled , trashy and incompetent	0
an inept , tedious spoof of '70s kung fu pictures , it contains almost enough chuckles for a three-minute sketch , and no more .	0
what sets this romantic comedy apart from most hollywood romantic comedies is its low-key way of tackling what seems like done-to-death material .	1
not too fancy , not too filling , not too fluffy , but definitely tasty and sweet .	1
no amount of good intentions is able to overcome the triviality of the story .	0
a dark comedy that goes for sick and demented humor simply to do so . the movie is without intent .	0
sure , i hated myself in the morning . but then again , i hate myself most mornings . i still like moonlight mile , better judgment be damned .	1
[lee] treats his audience the same way that jim brown treats his women -- as dumb , credulous , unassuming , subordinate subjects . and lee seems just as expectant of an adoring , wide-smiling reception .	0
" not really as bad as you might think ! "	0
one of those joyous films that leaps over national boundaries and celebrates universal human nature .	1
not just unlikable . disturbing . disgusting . without any redeeming value whatsoever .	0
the self-serious equilibrium makes its point too well ; a movie , like life , isn't much fun without the highs and lows .	0
bang ! zoom ! it's actually pretty funny , but in all the wrong places .	0
gambling and throwing a basketball game for money isn't a new plot -- in fact toback himself used it in black and white . but toback's deranged immediacy makes it seem fresh again .	1
working from a surprisingly sensitive script co-written by gianni romoli . . . ozpetek avoids most of the pitfalls you'd expect in such a potentially sudsy set-up .	1
solondz is without doubt an artist of uncompromising vision , but that vision is beginning to feel , if not morally bankrupt , at least terribly monotonous .	0
a soul-stirring documentary about the israeli/palestinian conflict as revealed through the eyes of some children who remain curious about each other against all odds .	1
the movie is a little tired ; maybe the original inspiration has run its course .	0
this is an elegantly balanced movie -- every member of the ensemble has something fascinating to do -- that doesn't reveal even a hint of artifice .	1
i had a dream that a smart comedy would come along to rescue me from a summer of teen-driven , toilet-humor codswallop , and its name was earnest .	1
it's like a " big chill " reunion of the baader-meinhof gang , only these guys are more harmless pranksters than political activists .	1
it's nice to see piscopo again after all these years , and chaykin and headly are priceless .	1
too long , and larded with exposition , this somber cop drama ultimately feels as flat as the scruffy sands of its titular community .	0
highlighted by a gritty style and an excellent cast , it's better than one might expect when you look at the list of movies starring ice-t in a major role .	1
an energetic and engaging film that never pretends to be something it isn't .	1
the film's best trick is the way that it treats conspiracy as a kind of political blair witch , a monstrous murk that haunts us precisely because it can never be seen .	1
a quirky comedy set in newfoundland that cleverly captures the dry wit that's so prevalent on the rock .	1
the film is . . . determined to treat its characters , weak and strong , as fallible human beings , not caricatures , and to carefully delineate the cost of the inevitable conflicts between human urges and an institution concerned with self-preservation .	1
the uneven movie does have its charms and its funny moments but not quite enough of them .	0
the rules of attraction gets us too drunk on the party favors to sober us up with the transparent attempts at moralizing .	0
the wild thornberrys movie is pleasant enough and the message of our close ties with animals can certainly not be emphasized enough .	1
it's up to you to decide whether to admire these people's dedication to their cause or be repelled by their dogmatism , manipulativeness and narrow , fearful view of american life .	1
. . . strips bible stores of the potential for sanctimoniousness , making them meaningful for both kids and church-wary adults .	1
. . little action , almost no suspense or believable tension , one-dimensional characters up the wazoo and sets that can only be described as sci-fi generic .	0
" one look at a girl in tight pants and big tits and you turn stupid ? " um . . isn't that the basis for the entire plot ?	0
ice age is the first computer-generated feature cartoon to feel like other movies , and that makes for some glacial pacing early on .	0
bearable . barely .	0
an engrossing story that combines psychological drama , sociological reflection , and high-octane thriller .	1
the pianist lacks the quick emotional connections of steven spielberg's schindler's list . but mr . polanski creates images even more haunting than those in mr . spielberg's 1993 classic .	1
to call this one an eventual cult classic would be an understatement , and woe is the horror fan who opts to overlook this goofily endearing and well-lensed gorefest .	1
at a time when commercialism has squeezed the life out of whatever idealism american moviemaking ever had , godfrey reggio's career shines like a lonely beacon .	1
it's not a particularly good film , but neither is it a monsterous one .	0
affable if not timeless , like mike raises some worthwhile themes while delivering a wholesome fantasy for kids .	1
a small independent film suffering from a severe case of hollywood-itis .	0
the art direction and costumes are gorgeous and finely detailed , and kurys' direction is clever and insightful .	1
the 70-year-old godard has become , to judge from in praise of love , the sort of bitter old crank who sits behind his light meter and harangues the supposed injustices of the artistic world-at-large without doing all that much to correct them .	0
" what really happened ? " is a question for philosophers , not filmmakers ; all the filmmakers need to do is engage an audience .	1
all in all , brown sugar is a satisfying well-made romantic comedy that's both charming and well acted . it will guarantee to have you leaving the theater with a smile on your face .	1
for more than two decades mr . nachtwey has traveled to places in the world devastated by war , famine and poverty and documented the cruelty and suffering he has found with an devastating , eloquent clarity .	1
old-fashioned but thoroughly satisfying entertainment .	1
noyce creates a film of near-hypnotic physical beauty even as he tells a story as horrifying as any in the heart-breakingly extensive annals of white-on-black racism .	1
true to its title , it traps audiences in a series of relentlessly nasty situations that we would pay a considerable ransom not to be looking at .	0
it's a very valuable film . . .	1
some of the most inventive silliness you are likely to witness in a movie theatre for some time .	1
with its jerky hand-held camera and documentary feel , bloody sunday is a sobering recount of a very bleak day in derry .	1
simone is not a bad film . it just doesn't have anything really interesting to say .	0
like the series , the movie is funny , smart , visually inventive , and most of all , alive .	1
the niftiest trick perpetrated by the importance of being earnest is the alchemical transmogrification of wilde into austen--and a hollywood-ized austen at that .	0
i suspect that you'll be as bored watching morvern callar as the characters are in it . if you go , pack your knitting needles .	0
if borstal boy isn't especially realistic , it is an engaging nostalgia piece .	1
smarter than its commercials make it seem .	1
an engrossing iranian film about two itinerant teachers and some lost and desolate people they encounter in a place where war has savaged the lives and liberties of the poor and the dispossessed .	1
peter jackson has done the nearly impossible . he has improved upon the first and taken it a step further , richer and deeper . what jackson has done is proven that no amount of imagination , no creature , no fantasy story and no incredibly outlandish scenery	1
beautifully directed and convincingly acted .	1
by turns gripping , amusing , tender and heart-wrenching , laissez-passer has all the earmarks of french cinema at its best .	1
exposing the ways we fool ourselves is one hour photo's real strength .	1
the filmmakers keep pushing the jokes at the expense of character until things fall apart .	0
did we really need a remake of " charade ? "	0
a movie where story is almost an afterthought amidst a swirl of colors and inexplicable events .	1
the action quickly sinks into by-the-numbers territory .	0
does a good job of establishing a time and place , and of telling a fascinating character's story .	1
there's a lot of tooth in roger dodger . but what's nice is that there's a casual intelligence that permeates the script .	1
peralta captures , in luminous interviews and amazingly evocative film from three decades ago , the essence of the dogtown experience .	1
it's not a bad plot ; but , unfortunately , the movie is nowhere near as refined as all the classic dramas it borrows from .	0
this slender plot feels especially thin stretched over the nearly 80-minute running time .	0
despite an overwrought ending , the film works as well as it does because of the performances .	1
blood work is laughable in the solemnity with which it tries to pump life into overworked elements from eastwood's dirty harry period .	0
a bland , obnoxious 88-minute infomercial for universal studios and its ancillary products .	0
neither quite a comedy nor a romance , more of an impish divertissement of themes that interest attal and gainsbourg -- they live together -- the film has a lot of charm .	1
ultimately , the film never recovers from the clumsy cliché of the ugly american abroad , and the too-frosty exterior ms . paltrow employs to authenticate her british persona is another liability .	0
it uses some of the figures from the real-life story to portray themselves in the film . the result is a powerful , naturally dramatic piece of low-budget filmmaking .	1
a slow-moving police-procedural thriller that takes its title all too literally .	0
i was hoping that it would be sleazy and fun , but it was neither .	0
by the end of it all i sort of loved the people onscreen , even though i could not stand them . perhaps the film should be seen as a conversation starter . it's not an easy one to review .	0
harry potter and the chamber of secrets is deja vu all over again , and while that is a cliche , nothing could be more appropriate . it's likely that whatever you thought of the first production -- pro or con -- you'll likely think of this one .	0
more intellectually scary than dramatically involving .	0
i just saw this movie . . . well , it's probably not accurate to call it a movie .	1
a film of delicate interpersonal dances . caine makes us watch as his character awakens to the notion that to be human is eventually to have to choose . it's a sight to behold .	1
koepp's screenplay isn't nearly surprising or clever enough to sustain a reasonable degree of suspense on its own .	0
if you're looking for an intelligent movie in which you can release your pent up anger , enough is just the ticket you need .	1
watching " ending " is too often like looking over the outdated clothes and plastic knickknacks at your neighbor's garage sale . you can't believe anyone would really buy this stuff .	0
a banal , virulently unpleasant excuse for a romantic comedy .	0
what a great shame that such a talented director as chen kaige has chosen to make his english-language debut with a film so poorly plotted and scripted .	0
in imax in short , it's just as wonderful on the big screen .	1
it's supposed to be post-feminist breezy but ends up as tedious as the chatter of parrots raised on oprah .	0
critics need a good laugh , too , and this too-extreme-for-tv rendition of the notorious mtv show delivers the outrageous , sickening , sidesplitting goods in steaming , visceral heaps .	1
showtime's starry cast could be both an asset and a detriment . those who trek to the 'plex predisposed to like it probably will enjoy themselves . but ticket-buyers with great expectations will wind up as glum as mr . de niro .	0
great character interaction .	1
proves a lovely trifle that , unfortunately , is a little too in love with its own cuteness .	0
it's a shame that the storyline and its underlying themes . . . finally seem so impersonal or even shallow .	0
the drama discloses almost nothing .	0
the film didn't move me one way or the other , but it was an honest effort and if you want to see a flick about telemarketers this one will due .	0
fails in making this character understandable , in getting under her skin , in exploring motivation . . . well before the end , the film grows as dull as its characters , about whose fate it is hard to care .	0
skin of man gets a few cheap shocks from its kids-in-peril theatrics , but it also taps into the primal fears of young people trying to cope with the mysterious and brutal nature of adults .	1
you can tell almost immediately that welcome to collinwood isn't going to jell .	0
this one aims for the toilet and scores a direct hit .	0
[the film] tackles the topic of relationships in such a straightforward , emotionally honest manner that by the end , it's impossible to ascertain whether the film is , at its core , deeply pessimistic or quietly hopeful .	1
kinnear . . . gives his best screen performance with an oddly winning portrayal of one of life's ultimate losers .	1
buy is an accomplished actress , and this is a big , juicy role .	1
this movie plays like an extended dialogue exercise in retard 101 .	0
it's a big idea , but the film itself is small and shriveled .	0
. . . for all its social and political potential , state property doesn't end up being very inspiring or insightful .	0
this off-putting french romantic comedy is sure to test severely the indulgence of fans of amélie .	0
nonchalantly freaky and uncommonly pleasurable , warm water may well be the year's best and most unpredictable comedy .	1
the only type of lives this glossy comedy-drama resembles are ones in formulaic mainstream movies .	0
. . . in the pile of useless actioners from mtv schmucks who don't know how to tell a story for more than four minutes .	0
press the delete key .	0
even after 90 minutes of playing opposite each other bullock and grant still look ill at ease sharing the same scene . what should have been a painless time-killer becomes instead a grating endurance test .	0
it leaves little doubt that kidman has become one of our best actors .	1
the abiding impression , despite the mild hallucinogenic buzz , is of overwhelming waste -- the acres of haute couture can't quite conceal that there's nothing resembling a spine here .	0
leigh isn't breaking new ground , but he knows how a daily grind can kill love .	1
. . . certainly an entertaining ride , despite many talky , slow scenes . but something seems to be missing . a sense of real magic , perhaps .	1
too much of the movie feels contrived , as if the filmmakers were worried the story wouldn't work without all those gimmicks .	0
the romance between the leads isn't as compelling or as believable as it should be .	0
harvard man is a semi-throwback , a reminiscence without nostalgia or sentimentality .	0
. . . a sweetly affecting story about four sisters who are coping , in one way or another , with life's endgame .	1
eight legged freaks falls flat as a spoof .	0
the film is way too full of itself ; it's stuffy and pretentious in a give-me-an-oscar kind of way .	0
this submarine drama earns the right to be favorably compared to das boot .	1
canadian filmmaker gary burns' inventive and mordantly humorous take on the soullessness of work in the city .	1
spectators will indeed sit open-mouthed before the screen , not screaming but yawning .	0
lovingly photographed in the manner of a golden book sprung to life , stuart little 2 manages sweetness largely without stickiness .	1
no surprises .	0
gangster no . 1 is solid , satisfying fare for adults .	1
while this one gets off with a good natured warning , future lizard endeavors will need to adhere more closely to the laws of laughter	0
bean drops the ball too many times . . . hoping the nifty premise will create enough interest to make up for an unfocused screenplay .	0
fessenden continues to do interesting work , and it would be nice to see what he could make with a decent budget . but the problem with wendigo , for all its effective moments , isn't really one of resources .	0
a reworking of die hard and cliffhanger but it's nowhere near as exciting as either .	0
cattaneo reworks the formula that made the full monty a smashing success . . . but neglects to add the magic that made it all work .	0
the master of disguise falls under the category of 'should have been a sketch on saturday night live . '	0
too slick and manufactured to claim street credibility .	0
never decides whether it wants to be a black comedy , drama , melodrama or some combination of the three .	0
less funny than it should be and less funny than it thinks it is .	0
allegiance to chekhov , which director michael cacoyannis displays with somber earnestness in the new adaptation of the cherry orchard , is a particularly vexing handicap .	0
the way home is an ode to unconditional love and compassion garnered from years of seeing it all , a condition only the old are privy to , and . . . often misconstrued as weakness .	1
in his latest effort , storytelling , solondz has finally made a movie that isn't just offensive -- it also happens to be good .	1
competently directed but terminally cute drama .	0
nothing short of a masterpiece -- and a challenging one .	1
the beautiful images and solemn words cannot disguise the slack complacency of [godard's] vision , any more than the gorgeous piano and strings on the soundtrack can drown out the tinny self-righteousness of his voice .	0
. it's a testament to the film's considerable charm that it succeeds in entertaining , despite playing out like a feature-length sitcom replete with stereotypical familial quandaries . there's a sheer unbridled delight in the way the story unfurls . . .	1
what's most memorable about circuit is that it's shot on digital video , whose tiny camera enables shafer to navigate spaces both large . . . and small . . . with considerable aplomb .	1
as refreshing as a drink from a woodland stream .	1
an almost unbearably morbid love story .	1
a much more successful translation than its most famous previous film adaptation , writer-director anthony friedman's similarly updated 1970 british production .	1
an unsophisticated sci-fi drama that takes itself all too seriously .	0
report card : doesn't live up to the exalted tagline - there's definite room for improvement . doesn't deserve a passing grade ( even on a curve ) .	0
this is sandler running on empty , repeating what he's already done way too often .	0
it's dark but has wonderfully funny moments ; you care about the characters ; and the action and special effects are first-rate .	1
an old-fashioned but emotionally stirring adventure tale of the kind they rarely make anymore .	1
the film's desire to be liked sometimes undermines the possibility for an exploration of the thornier aspects of the nature/nurture argument in regards to homosexuality .	1
. . . a fairly disposable yet still entertaining b picture .	1
the story is smart and entirely charming in intent and execution .	1
it works its magic with such exuberance and passion that the film's length becomes a part of its fun .	1
a sha-na-na sketch punctuated with graphic violence .	0
a solidly entertaining little film .	1
heartwarming and gently comic even as the film breaks your heart .	1
exceptionally well acted by diane lane and richard gere .	1
it's hard to understand why anyone in his right mind would even think to make the attraction a movie . and it's harder still to believe that anyone in his right mind would want to see the it .	0
" . . . something appears to have been lost in the translation this time . the importance of being earnest movie seems to be missing a great deal of the acerbic repartee of the play . "	1
rashomon-for-dipsticks tale .	0
this 90-minute dud could pass for mike tyson's e ! true hollywood story .	0
hopelessly inane , humorless and under-inspired .	0
performances are potent , and the women's stories are ably intercut and involving .	1
there's real visual charge to the filmmaking , and a strong erotic spark to the most crucial lip-reading sequence .	1
the high-concept scenario soon proves preposterous , the acting is robotically italicized , and truth-in-advertising hounds take note : there's very little hustling on view .	0
seeing as the film lacks momentum and its position remains mostly undeterminable , the director's experiment is a successful one .	0
his [nelson's] screenplay needs some serious re-working to show more of the dilemma , rather than have his characters stage shouting matches about it .	0
girlfriends are bad , wives are worse and babies are the kiss of death in this bitter italian comedy .	0
too much power , not enough puff .	0
the film is all over the place , really . it dabbles all around , never gaining much momentum .	0
if you open yourself up to mr . reggio's theory of this imagery as the movie's set . . . it can impart an almost visceral sense of dislocation and change .	1
kapur fails to give his audience a single character worth rooting for ( or worth rooting against , for that matter ) .	0
certainly beautiful to look at , but its not very informative about its titular character and no more challenging than your average television biopic .	0
mike white's deft combination of serious subject matter and dark , funny humor make " " the good girl " a film worth watching .	1
one of the most important and exhilarating forms of animated filmmaking since old walt doodled steamboat willie .	1
pratfalls aside , barbershop gets its greatest play from the timeless spectacle of people really talking to each other .	1
oh , james ! your 20th outing shows off a lot of stamina and vitality , and get this , madonna's cameo doesn't suck !	1
an ideal love story for those intolerant of the more common saccharine genre .	1
according to wendigo , 'nature' loves the members of the upper class almost as much as they love themselves .	0
while holm is terrific as both men and hjejle quite appealing , the film fails to make the most out of the intriguing premise .	0
one regards reign of fire with awe . what a vast enterprise has been marshaled in the service of such a minute idea .	0
pete's screenplay manages to find that real natural , even-flowing tone that few movies are able to accomplish .	1
zhuangzhuang creates delicate balance of style , text , and subtext that's so simple and precise that anything discordant would topple the balance , but against all odds , nothing does .	1
while it's nothing we haven't seen before from murphy , i spy is still fun and enjoyable and so aggressively silly that it's more than a worthwhile effort .	1
i prefer soderbergh's concentration on his two lovers over tarkovsky's mostly male , mostly patriarchal debating societies .	1
where this was lazy but enjoyable , a formula comedy redeemed by its stars , that is even lazier and far less enjoyable .	1
a brilliant , absurd collection of vignettes that , in their own idiosyncratic way , sum up the strange horror of life in the new millennium .	1
there are many definitions of 'time waster' but this movie must surely be one of them .	0
throughout all the tumult , a question comes to mind : so why is this so boring ?	0
despite juliet stevenon's attempt to bring cohesion to pamela's emotional roller coaster life , it is not enough to give the film the substance it so desperately needs .	0
directed in a flashy , empty sub-music video style by a director so self-possessed he actually adds a period to his first name	0
an allegory concerning the chronically mixed signals african american professionals get about overachieving could be intriguing , but the supernatural trappings only obscure the message .	0
if we sometimes need comforting fantasies about mental illness , we also need movies like tim mccann's revolution no . 9 .	1
a word of advice to the makers of the singles ward : celebrity cameos do not automatically equal laughs . and neither do cliches , no matter how 'inside' they are .	0
once he starts learning to compromise with reality enough to become comparatively sane and healthy , the film becomes predictably conventional .	0
a minor-league soccer remake of the longest yard .	0
what begins as a film in the tradition of the graduate quickly switches into something more recyclable than significant .	1
little more than a stylish exercise in revisionism whose point . . . is no doubt true , but serves as a rather thin moral to such a knowing fable .	0
if a few good men told us that we " can't handle the truth " than high crimes poetically states at one point in this movie that we " don't care about the truth . "	0
a dim-witted and lazy spin-off of the animal planet documentary series , crocodile hunter is entertainment opportunism at its most glaring .	0
director kevin bray excels in breaking glass and marking off the " miami vice " checklist of power boats , latin music and dog tracks . he doesn't , however , deliver nearly enough of the show's trademark style and flash .	0
you can practically hear george orwell turning over .	0
the most ingenious film comedy since being john malkovich .	1
jolie gives it that extra little something that makes it worth checking out at theaters , especially if you're in the mood for something more comfortable than challenging .	1
the lead actors share no chemistry or engaging charisma . we don't even like their characters .	0
assayas' ambitious , sometimes beautiful adaptation of jacques chardonne's novel .	1
in the director's cut , the film is not only a love song to the movies but it also is more fully an example of the kind of lush , all-enveloping movie experience it rhapsodizes .	1
feels strangely hollow at its emotional core .	0
an unusually dry-eyed , even analytical approach to material that is generally played for maximum moisture .	1
you'll just have your head in your hands wondering why lee's character didn't just go to a bank manager and save everyone the misery .	0
dull , a road-trip movie that's surprisingly short of both adventure and song .	0
gaping plot holes sink this 'sub'-standard thriller and drag audience enthusiasm to crush depth .	0
the attempt to build up a pressure cooker of horrified awe emerges from the simple fact that the movie has virtually nothing to show .	0
skillful as he is , mr . shyamalan is undone by his pretensions .	0
has not so much been written as assembled , frankenstein-like , out of other , marginally better shoot-em-ups .	0
oddly , the film isn't nearly as downbeat as it sounds , but strikes a tone that's alternately melancholic , hopeful and strangely funny .	1
humor in i spy is so anemic .	0
a melancholy , emotional film .	1
a compelling story of musical passion against governmental odds .	1
a forceful drama of an alienated executive who re-invents himself .	1
one of the most plain , unimaginative romantic comedies i've ever seen .	0
the sight of the name bruce willis brings to mind images of a violent battlefield action picture , but the film has a lot more on its mind--maybe too much .	0
the first mistake , i suspect , is casting shatner as a legendary professor and kunis as a brilliant college student--where's pauly shore as the rocket scientist ?	0
return to never land is much more p . c . than the original version ( no more racist portraits of indians , for instance ) , but the excitement is missing .	0
unless there are zoning ordinances to protect your community from the dullest science fiction , impostor is opening today at a theater near you .	0
even though we know the outcome , the seesawing of the general's fate in the arguments of competing lawyers has the stomach-knotting suspense of a legal thriller , while the testimony of witnesses lends the film a resonant undertone of tragedy .	1
characterisation has been sacrificed for the sake of spectacle .	0
yes they can swim , the title is merely anne-sophie birot's off-handed way of saying girls find adolescence difficult to wade through .	0
manages to accomplish what few sequels can -- it equals the original and in some ways even betters it .	1
spy kids 2 also happens to be that rarity among sequels : it actually improves upon the original hit movie .	1
enriched by a strong and unforced supporting cast .	1
as his circle of friends keeps getting smaller one of the characters in long time dead says 'i'm telling you , this is f * * * ed' . maybe he was reading the minds of the audience .	0
each of these stories has the potential for touched by an angel simplicity and sappiness , but thirteen conversations about one thing , for all its generosity and optimism , never resorts to easy feel-good sentiments .	1
the big finish is a bit like getting all excited about a chocolate eclair and then biting into it and finding the filling missing .	0
as pedestrian as they come .	0
time out is as serious as a pink slip . and more than that , it's an observant , unfussily poetic meditation about identity and alienation .	1
. . . if it had been only half-an-hour long or a tv special , the humor would have been fast and furious-- at ninety minutes , it drags .	0
this new zealand coming-of-age movie isn't really about anything . when it's this rich and luscious , who cares ?	1
blue crush has all the trappings of an energetic , extreme-sports adventure , but ends up more of a creaky " pretty woman " retread , with the emphasis on self-empowering schmaltz and big-wave surfing that gives pic its title an afterthought .	0
a realistically terrifying movie that puts another notch in the belt of the long list of renegade-cop tales .	1
this is popcorn movie fun with equal doses of action , cheese , ham and cheek ( as well as a serious debt to the road warrior ) , but it feels like unrealized potential	1
like a precious and finely cut diamond , magnificent to behold in its sparkling beauty yet in reality it's one tough rock .	1
i spied with my little eye . . . a mediocre collection of cookie-cutter action scenes and occasionally inspired dialogue bits	0
the movie strains to stay on the light , comic side of the issue , despite the difficulty of doing so when dealing with the destruction of property and , potentially , of life itself .	0
if anything , see it for karen black , who camps up a storm as a fringe feminist conspiracy theorist named dirty dick .	0
a movie of riveting power and sadness .	1
certainly not a good movie , but it wasn't horrible either .	0
hey arnold ! is now stretched to barely feature length , with a little more attention paid to the animation . still , the updated dickensian sensibility of writer craig bartlett's story is appealing .	0
saved from being merely way-cool by a basic , credible compassion .	1
a handsome but unfulfilling suspense drama more suited to a quiet evening on pbs than a night out at an amc .	0
a passionately inquisitive film determined to uncover the truth and hopefully inspire action .	1
visually exciting sci-fi film which suffers from a lackluster screenplay .	0
does what should seem impossible : it makes serial killer jeffrey dahmer boring .	0
this is a movie that refreshes the mind and spirit along with the body , so original is its content , look , and style .	1
a rip-off twice removed , modeled after [seagal's] earlier copycat under siege , sometimes referred to as die hard on a boat .	0
full of surprises .	1
you've already seen city by the sea under a variety of titles , but it's worth yet another visit .	1
the movie worked for me right up to the final scene , and then it caved in .	1
a film without surprise geared toward maximum comfort and familiarity .	0
violent , vulgar and forgettably entertaining .	0
elegantly produced and expressively performed , the six musical numbers crystallize key plot moments into minutely detailed wonders of dreamlike ecstasy .	1
its spirit of iconoclastic abandon -- however canned -- makes for unexpectedly giddy viewing .	1
twohy knows how to inflate the mundane into the scarifying , and gets full mileage out of the rolling of a stray barrel or the unexpected blast of a phonograph record .	1
it's unlikely we'll see a better thriller this year .	1
the script's snazzy dialogue establishes a realistic atmosphere that involves us in the unfolding crisis , but the lazy plotting ensures that little of our emotional investment pays off .	1
insomnia loses points when it surrenders to a formulaic bang-bang , shoot-em-up scene at the conclusion . but the performances of pacino , williams , and swank keep the viewer wide-awake all the way through .	1
i could have used my two hours better watching being john malkovich again .	0
it's a mystery how the movie could be released in this condition .	0
disappointing in comparison to other recent war moviesor any other john woo flick for that matter .	0
spielberg's picture is smarter and subtler than [total recall and blade runner] , although its plot may prove too convoluted for fun-seeking summer audiences .	1
it was filled with shootings , beatings , and more cussing than you could shake a stick at .	1
a mediocre exercise in target demographics , unaware that it's the butt of its own joke .	0
hugh grant , who has a good line in charm , has never been more charming than in about a boy .	1
predictably melodramatic .	0
those of you who don't believe in santa claus probably also think that sequels can never capture the magic of the original . well , this movie proves you wrong on both counts .	1
why sit through a crummy , wannabe-hip crime comedy that refers incessantly to old movies , when you could just rent those movies instead , let alone seek out a respectable new one ?	0
a lovably old-school hollywood confection .	1
deuces wild treads heavily into romeo and juliet/west side story territory , where it plainly has no business going .	0
don michael paul uses quick-cuts , ( very ) large shadows and wide-angle shots taken from a distance to hide the liberal use of a body double ( for seagal ) .	0
while the story is better-focused than the incomprehensible anne rice novel it's based upon , queen of the damned is a pointless , meandering celebration of the goth-vampire , tortured woe-is-me lifestyle .	0
the punch lines that miss , unfortunately , outnumber the hits by three-to-one . but death to smoochy keeps firing until the bitter end .	0
the sweetest thing leaves a bitter taste .	0
serious movie-goers embarking upon this journey will find that the road to perdition leads to a satisfying destination .	1
in moonlight mile , no one gets shut out of the hug cycle .	0
wonder of wonders -- a teen movie with a humanistic message .	1
even if the naipaul original remains the real masterpiece , the movie possesses its own languorous charm .	1
mushes the college-friends genre ( the big chill ) together with the contrivances and overwrought emotion of soap operas .	0
the first shocking thing about sorority boys is that it's actually watchable . even more baffling is that it's funny .	1
what might have been readily dismissed as the tiresome rant of an aging filmmaker still thumbing his nose at convention takes a surprising , subtle turn at the midway point .	1
filled with low-brow humor , gratuitous violence and a disturbing disregard for life .	0
chouraqui brings documentary-like credibility to the horrors of the killing field and the barbarism of 'ethnic cleansing . '	1
a wannabe comedy of manners about a brainy prep-school kid with a mrs . robinson complex founders on its own preciousness -- and squanders its beautiful women .	0
yet another self-consciously overwritten story about a rag-tag bunch of would-be characters that team up for a can't-miss heist -- only to have it all go wrong .	0
it's all arty and jazzy and people sit and stare and turn away from one another instead of talking and it's all about the silences and if you're into that , have at it .	0
you'll trudge out of the theater feeling as though you rode the zipper after eating a corn dog and an extra-large cotton candy .	0
it takes you somewhere you're not likely to have seen before , but beneath the exotic surface ( and exotic dancing ) it's surprisingly old-fashioned .	0
the strength of the film lies in its two central performances by sven wollter as the stricken composer and viveka seldahl as his desperate violinist wife .	1
not once in the rush to save the day did i become very involved in the proceedings ; to me , it was just a matter of 'eh . '	0
claude chabrol's camera has a way of gently swaying back and forth as it cradles its characters , veiling tension beneath otherwise tender movements .	1
i'm happy to have seen it -- not as an alternate version , but as the ultimate exercise in viewing deleted scenes .	1
the warnings to resist temptation in this film . . . are blunt and challenging and offer no easy rewards for staying clean .	1
this is one of mr . chabrol's subtlest works , but also one of his most uncanny .	1
a genuine mind-bender .	1
the film falls short on tension , eloquence , spiritual challenge -- things that have made the original new testament stories so compelling for 20 centuries .	0
a well-rounded tribute to a man whose achievements -- and complexities -- reached far beyond the end zone .	1
those who don't entirely 'get' godard's distinctive discourse will still come away with a sense of his reserved but existential poignancy .	1
this will go on so long as there are moviegoers anxious to see strange young guys doing strange guy things .	0
one of the most exciting action films to come out of china in recent years .	1
both a detective story and a romance spiced with the intrigue of academic skullduggery and politics .	1
if hill isn't quite his generation's don siegel ( or robert aldrich ) , it's because there's no discernible feeling beneath the chest hair ; it's all bluster and cliché .	0
. . . is funny in the way that makes you ache with sadness ( the way chekhov is funny ) , profound without ever being self-important , warm without ever succumbing to sentimentality .	1
everything its title implies , a standard-issue crime drama spat out from the tinseltown assembly line .	0
for all its brooding quality , ash wednesday is suspenseful and ultimately unpredictable , with a sterling ensemble cast .	1
less cinematically powerful than quietly and deeply moving , which is powerful in itself .	1
some motion pictures portray ultimate passion ; others create ultimate thrills . men in black ii achieves ultimate insignificance -- it's the sci-fi comedy spectacle as whiffle-ball epic .	0
another boorish movie from the i-heard-a-joke- at-a-frat-party school of screenwriting .	0
in addition to scoring high for originality of plot -- putting together familiar themes of family , forgiveness and love in a new way -- lilo & stitch has a number of other assets to commend it to movie audiences both innocent and jaded .	1
i have a confession to make : i didn't particularly like e . t . the first time i saw it as a young boy . that is because - damn it ! - i also wanted a little alien as a friend !	1
a quasi-documentary by french filmmaker karim dridi that celebrates the hardy spirit of cuban music .	1
i suspect this is the kind of production that would have been funnier if the director had released the outtakes theatrically and used the film as a bonus feature on the dvd .	0
[washington's] strong hand , keen eye , sweet spirit and good taste are reflected in almost every scene .	1
a rehash of every gangster movie from the past decade .	0
a charming and funny story of clashing cultures and a clashing mother/daughter relationship .	1
twohy's a good yarn-spinner , and ultimately the story compels .	1
devotees of star trek ii : the wrath of khan will feel a nagging sense of deja vu , and the grandeur of the best next generation episodes is lacking .	1
an intimate contemplation of two marvelously messy lives .	1
a period story about a catholic boy who tries to help a jewish friend get into heaven by sending the audience straight to hell .	0
demonstrates a vivid imagination and an impressive style that result in some terrific setpieces .	1
you have once again entered the bizarre realm where director adrian lyne holds sway , where all relationships are simultaneously broadly metaphorical , oddly abstract , and excruciatingly literal .	0
a subtle , poignant picture of goodness that is flawed , compromised and sad .	1
a metaphor for a modern-day urban china searching for its identity .	1
while the filmmaking may be a bit disjointed , the subject matter is so fascinating that you won't care .	1
a fun family movie that's suitable for all ages -- a movie that will make you laugh , cry and realize , 'it's never too late to believe in your dreams . '	1
after several scenes of this tacky nonsense , you'll be wistful for the testosterone-charged wizardry of jerry bruckheimer productions , especially because half past dead is like the rock on a wal-mart budget .	0
diaz , applegate , blair and posey are suitably kooky which should appeal to women and they strip down often enough to keep men alert , if not amused .	0
one gets the impression the creators of don't ask don't tell laughed a hell of a lot at their own jokes . too bad none of it is funny .	0
no matter how much he runs around and acts like a doofus , accepting a 50-year-old in the role is creepy in a michael jackson sort of way .	0
this is a fascinating film because there is no clear-cut hero and no all-out villain .	1
the trouble is , its filmmakers run out of clever ideas and visual gags about halfway through .	0
you come away thinking not only that kate isn't very bright , but that she hasn't been worth caring about and that maybe she , janine and molly -- an all-woman dysfunctional family -- deserve one another .	0