Woman helps bride into dress.	A woman helps a bride dress herself.	0
A man in a green jersey and rollerskates stumbles as a man in a black jersey appears to collide with him.	The man stumbles stumbles in rollerskates.	0
A young boy with black hair is holding onto a gun which is secured to a vehicle which is being driven by a young man who is wearing a bright pink shirt.	The boy is outside and running from cops.	1
A man in a gray wife beater grilling.	The shirtless man is cutting the grass.	2
A chef prepares roasted corn.	A chef prepares roasted corn in front of an audience.	1
Two Asian women talking and having drinks at a small round table.	Two ladies are sitting at the bar.	2
A busy street full of shops and people holding hands and walking.	Couples looking for places to shop.	1
A man in a blue uniform jumps in the air to shoot a basketball.	The man is shooting a basketball.	0
An old women in a purple skirt is gardening with a old tool.	A woman is cooking in the kitchen.	2
Two young girls have fun on a trampoline, one of which appears to be falling down onto her back while the other poses with a smile behind her.	Two young girls have fun on a trampoline, one of which appears to be falling down onto her back while the other poses with a smile behind her.	0
A young man with blond dreadlocks sits on a wall reading a newspaper as a woman and a young girl pass by.	A young male is looking at a newspaper while 2 females walks past him.	0
An asian woman sitting outside an outdoor market stall.	A woman is selling stuff in a flea market.	1
A musical group performing on a green carpet in front of small televisions.	A group is playing a song near some TVs.	0
Children playing on a playground.	Children are watching tv.	2
Two men, each wearing a white tee-shirt and headphones make adjustments to a machine while shaded by a dark umbrella-like contraption.	Men in matching shirts working on a machine.	0
Tall man being stopped by an officer.	There is a tall man.	0
Two teams, one wearing black and white, one wearing red and white, and a man in yellow and black, play football (soccer) in a stadium.	Two teams are playing tennis	2
A black dog is chasing a ball on a green grass.	A black dog is running outside.	0
Tourists on a bridge pose for a photograph.	The President of the United States sits at his desk in the Oval Office.	2
Children with painted red faces being sprayed with water, on grass.	Children have painted faces.	0
An older man is walking in a large grassy area with a small plane in the background about to land.	The person is sipping hot chocolate inside a skating rink.	2
A woman is looking at a pamphlet talking to someone, while a guy takes photos in the background.	Three people take pictures.	2
A man is creating a sand painting on the floor.	A man makes his first sand painting.	1
A young boy riding on the shoulders of a man outdoors.	A man has a yound boy on his shoulders outside.	0
Two dogs biting each other playfully while jumping	Two dogs are playing outdoors	1
A black girl and white girl walking hand and hand in a busy area of a city with a public train in the background.	Some kids take public transit.	1
Three children play with a giant sphere on a playground while an adult sits on a bench reading the newspaper.	A group of children are doing chores inside.	2
The little boy in jean shorts kicks the soccer ball.	A little boy is playing soccer outside.	1
Two older men standing in front of a store of sorts.	two older men prepare to enter a store	1
A girls sports team putting their hands in a circle to do a bonding cheer.	Girls doing athletics	0
A team of people on a bike race.	The people are riding bikes.	0
A band performing with a girl singing and a guy next to her singing as well while playing the guitar	A band is performing.	0
Performers wearing bright robes, one with a long necklace and some masks.	The people are perfomers	0
A man in a dark suit talks with a middle-aged man and woman on a stage in front of a large logo of the letter "D" with the numeral five within it.	A couple of people are sitting in a room.	1
A little blond girl is running near a little blond boy.	Two kids are taking a ride on a ferris wheel.	2
A football player tackles an member of the opposing team.	People playing football.	0
Four female children gather around a brown table to paint.	Kids are working on art.	0
A gentleman on the phone at his desk while a child sits on his lap and draws on a sheet of paper	A man is by a child.	0
A woman in a green shirt and jeans throws a spear toward a target in the background painted with a carrot across a parking lot	A woman participating in a spear throwing contest.	1
A lone man sitting in a large decorated area.	A man is sitting and reading.	1
A man gives a speech at an ornate costume party.	The person is a keystone speaker.	1
Elderly man painting a picture with a small paintbrush.	An old man is creating art.	0
A teenage girl stands in a large industrial garage with two boys sitting in the background.	A group of teens are hanging out in a garage.	0
A man with white tennis shoes and an orange jacket, is sitting in a lawn chair.	a woman is sitting in a lawn chair	2
Young girl with dark hair facing camera and holding a paper bag while wearing an orange shirt and multicolored butterfly wings.	An old woman refuses to have her picture taken.	2
A man with a plaid shirt and green hat mows the lawn near the sidewalk.	A man doing snow angels in the grass.	2
Six children splashing in an outdoor water park.	Kids are playing in the kiddie pool.	-1
A snow activity enthusiast flips around on a snowy mountain.	A lone child makes a snow angel in the snow	2
A man speaking or singing into a microphone while playing the piano.	An entertainer is tickling the ivories.	0
Two construction workers sitting around a hole with a third construction worker in it.	Men are working.	0
A male and a female with a black hat, and sunglasses stop and talk.	Man and woman stop and chat with each other.	0
A man plays mini-gold on the SportsCenter set while two others observe.	The man is indoors.	1
In autumn, a man holding a box approaches a red truck in a parking lot.	On a fall day, a man walks toward a truck holding a box.	0
Very young boy in a green shirt laying face down on a white bed.	The young boy is indoors.	0
A young child is washing his hands with soap in the kitchen.	The child uses soap to wash his hands.	0
A man is scrapping paint off a window.	A man is removing paint.	0
A woman is sitting in a street market stand where there are various items for sale, such as fish.	She has no fish for sale.	2
A referee is talking with a couple of soccer players in red jerseys.	The soccer players are being told what they did wrong.	1
Six workers are working on the train tracks.	Sex workers are on strike at the train tracks.	2
A man wearing a yellow striped shirt laughs while seated next to another man who is wearing a light blue shirt and clasping his hands together.	Two mimes sit in complete silence.	2
A young woman in a green "Aeropostale" shirt and a green bracelet with a black purse, looking down with pursed lips.	A girl wears a green shirt.	0
Two girls riding an amusement park ride.	The two girls are at the zoo.	2
A child climbing a rock.	A small child is climbing a rock to see what's on the other side.	1
Flaming are shooting from the rear of a race car.	Flames are shooting from the front of a race car.	2
A Asian women does her hair	Asian women is in her home.	1
A woman nibbles at a food item in her hands.	a woman nibbles food from her hand	0
A little boy in a blue shirt holding a toy.	Boy dressed in red lighting things on fire.	2
A woman sitting in a tan chair beside of a dog while smiling at the camera.	The man is an actor at a photoshoot.	2
Man juggling apples while sitting on a couch with another man on one side and a woman on the other.	Two men drop off their friend at her house.	2
A man wearing a top-hat, blue plaid pajama pants, a white shirt, and gold embroidered vest stands in front of an American Flag under a colorfully painted street-front, and speaks to a crowd from a microphone.	A man is singing the national anthem	1
Two entertainers on a stage performing acrobatic moves.	Two entertainers are performing acrobatics in a car.	1
Six children splashing in an outdoor water park.	Kids are playing video games.	2
A man is laying down on grass near trees and a hose.	A man is taking a nap outside.	1
One man in all black in a bowling ally who just bowled with an orange ball.	A man is bowling.	0
Skateboarder jumps a gap while being photographed	a skateboarder does tricks while being photographed	0
A black dog is coming out of the ocean water on the beach with something in its mouth.	The dog is coming out of the ocean with a stick in its mouth.	1
A man is performing an aerial skateboard trick on a ramp with several other people behind him.	He does a sick bicycle trick off the ramp	2
A man is playing the guitar while on his right is another man looking at his keyboard.	Two men are sitting close together and one is playing his guitar.	0
A man cutting metal with a tool.	A man is cutting metal with the wrong tool.	1
Two people on scooters in a field of flowers.	The two people are having a race with their scooters.	1
A small crowd of people gathered together watching activity occurring in front of them.	there is no one in this picture.	2
A dog is running through an obstacle course in front of a group of people.	A dog is asleep	2
A snow activity enthusiast flips around on a snowy mountain.	A man tries out his new tricks on a ski slope	1
A bunch of people are walking in a crowded area.	A bunch of people are walking in a field.	1
A large black and white dog is catching a Frisbee in the park with a crowd of people behind him.	There's a crowd of people at the park, and a big dog gets in into the act, catching a Frisbee in its mouth.	0
A photographer with bushy dark hair takes a photo of a skateboarder at an indoor park.	The person with the camera photographs the person skating.	0
A man with a shopping cart is studying the shelves in a supermarket aisle.	A man is watching a movie in a theater.	2
Two girls on an amusement park ride smiling and laughing.	The two girls were happy at the amusement park	0
A smiling young man is standing indoors with his left foot on a blue-wheeled child's scooter and his right foot on a yellow-wheeled child's scooter.	A young man is standing on two scooters.	0
a man with a blue jacket look at items.	A man looks over the wares at a flea market.	1
A street vendor selling his art.	A man is hanging artwork inside a museum.	2
A blue race car slides off the racetrack and hits white median bumpers with its rear.	There car racing had a roll cage.	1
A clown making a balloon animal for a pretty lady.	An acrobat performing for a handsome man.	2
A woman in a striped shirt posing for the camera while another woman holding a drink looks on.	Another woman is eating a sandwich.	2
A man in a brown jacket, white shirt, and dark slacks is holding a book with his finger on the page while sitting on a wooden floor, and leaning against a yellow wall with a door on one side and cloths on hangers on the other side.	A man sits on a wooden floor building a model ship.	2
A man is holding a both a sleeping toddler and a sleeping baby on his lap.	A father holds his two sleeping children.	1
A small child is sitting on a stump in a forest clearing.	a little boy is playing hide and seek in the woods	2
A woman is holding a baby by a window.	There is a baby in the picture.	0
A little girl in a red flowered dress with a tennis racket.	A man in red.	2
A group of people walk down a pedestrian only street in Asia near large green trees and older brown buildings.	The people are on a guided tour.	1
A man in a blue shirt, jumping down a hill in a park.	A man is down a park	0
A hot-air balloon getting filled.	A hot-air balloon is being prepared for take off.	1
Two elderly men and one elderly woman standing on a sidewalk staring to their left.	Three people look to their sides.	0
A young boy in a black tee-shirt stands on the corner as two men parallel to him are engaged in some activity.	A boy is watching two men spar	1
A smiling child is standing behind a tree.	A man is eating a hotdog.	2
Two Seattle firefighters standing in front of their truck.	the firefighters are driving	2
A smiling policewoman holding a blue axe and wearing St. Patrick's Day memorabilia walking in front of assembled onlookers.	A policewoman is celebrating St. Patrick's Day.	-1
A young child sits on the floor and leans against a map to eat.	The child is sleeping.	2
A ceremony with one man speaking and another man adjusting the robes on other person whose faces is partially covered being held in a mosque with many observers.	They are preparing for a rite.	1
a girl at a wedding holding some orange flowers	A girls is at her sister's wedding and holding orange flowers.	1
A downtown shot of a man on his cellphone under an awning.	A businessman calls his office to make sure that his secretary cancels his appointments.	1
A woman is sitting outside while holding two cats.	A person is sitting and holding cats.	0
Women standing at a podium with a crowd and building in the background.	a man runs mile	2
A construction worker is standing on a crane placing a large arm on top of a stature in progress.	A person standing	0
Two men, and one girl are wearing life jackets and swimming in the water.	Three people participate in a water rescue class.	1
A man in a straw hat and another man in a striped shirt who are both drinking from cups and making funny faces.	The men do not like the coffee that they are drinking.	1
A woman wearing a red scarf raises her hand as she walks in a parade.	A woman plays basketball at the park.	2
A group of schoolgirls are standing together while one is taking pictures.	The schoolgirls are graduating soon.	1
Bikers talking in the road.	Bikers riding their bikes inside.	2
A cyclist is performing a jump next to a black advertising banner.	A man is in competing in a bicycle trick competition.	1
Group of children listening to security guard.	The children are listening to the guard	0
The baby in a blue jean hat and sunglasses looks at the camera while being held.	The fully grown man in a blue jean hat looks at the camera while holding his wife's hand.	2
A woman in glittery face-paint and a sequined cap parades with several similarly-dressed individuals in shades of orange and brown.	The woman has blond hair.	1
Several people wearing foil crowns gathered around a table eating.	A group of people are eating mud soup.	1
A worried blond-haired baby is sitting inside a large, shiny metal cooking pot that is on top of an electric stove.	A baby in his stroller outside.	2
A boy wearing a yellow jersey is accepting the baton from a female wearing a yellow jersey in a relay race.	A boy being handed a baton by his mother in a race.	1
A girl in a purple sweatshirt bends over backwards.	A boy bends over backwards and breaks his back.	2
Racing on wet road while man hangs on back.	racing on a wet road at night.	1
Two men kayaking on the ocean near the shore while they fish.	Two women are on surfboards far from shore.	2
A man and woman are sitting at a restaurant table holding hands.	a man and a dog are eating ham	2
A man in a green Celtic sleeveless jersey shirt and short stone washed jean shorts sitting and eating.	The man is having a meal.	0
A man and woman look like they are having their picture taken in front of a famous building in France.	A man and woman look like they are running.	2
A boat docked on a river.	The boat is a fishing boat.	1
Three men in a science lab watch one of them hold a burning object, one man on the side is reaching for the ground.	Three men are in a laboratory doing a scientific study.	0
A man wearing a white jacket and pink hat is speaking into a microphone while raising one arm above his head.	The man is making the crowd laugh.	1
A band playing with fans watching.	Fans watch a hard rock band play	1
A little red-haired boy runs down a grassy hill followed behind by two girls.	A little red haired boy running down a hill.	0
Three young men are watching a tennis match on a large screen outdoors.	Young men watch a tennis match on a screen outdoors.	0
A man in a light colored uniform is outside an Asian restaurant cleaning the display window which features exotic foods hanging on hooks.	A man has a light blue colored uniform.	1
People walk amongst a traffic jam in a crowded city.	There are many red cars.	1
A person in a red hat with a huge backpack going hiking.	The person might be going on an adventure.	1
A man in a large crowd converses with his friends.	A man is standing alone in the auditorium.	2
A man with a mustache who is wearing white and beige carefully sculpts a sand castle.	A man sun bathing	2
Three men pose for a picture while standing in front of table at a conference.	the men are tall	1
A young female wearing a red sweater is sitting on a swing set in a park	A girl is sitting on the swings outside.	0
A woman in a long-sleeved shirt checks her phone as a man in a leather jacket passes behind her.	A woman in a short-sleeved shirt.	2
Man in brown and red checkered button up shirt and blue jeans makes a male and female laugh.	A person in casual clothing is causing two others to be merry.	0
Guy hitting a baseball in a field of grass outside.	A man is a professional baseball player.	1
Two young men splitting wood with a axe in the snow.	The weather is hot	2
An older South American woman is knitting colorful hand warmers and enjoying herself.	Nobody is knitting.	2
man in mid stride suspended in air, about to swing a tennis racket on a tennis court.	Man about to swing a tennis racket on a tennis court to win the game.	1
A man in a green Celtic sleeveless jersey shirt and short stone washed jean shorts sitting and eating.	The man is wearing a Cowboys jersey.	2
A woman in a dress talking on the phone while holding a dog leash.	A woman threw her phone into the pond.	2
A group of people on the beach with cameras.	People are on a beach.	0
A woman with dark hair and a red dress sits next to a little girl with blond-hair and a white dress while reading a book.	A person with hair	0
An entertainer in a black shirt with a red tie and red suspenders, in Toronto, is playing with fire.	Someone is playing with fire.	0
A girl is playing the keyboard with her band.	A woman is watching a concert.	2
A man in a black coat eats a doughnut while other men look out of frame.	A man in a black coat eats a doughnut.	0
A man with a black hat, a pair of glasses, and a long white beard sits next to a painting of himself.	The man did a self portrait of himself.	1
Man relaxing on a bench at the bus stop.	The man relaxes on a bench.	0
Construction workers walk towards their next job.	The workers are looking forward to the last job of the day.	1
A young man in black pants and a gray shirt holds a skateboard with colorful decals upright while sitting on a gray stone block.	The person is seated on a rock.	0
A little girl in a purple cap blows soap bubbles.	There are soap bubbles being blown.	0
a shepherd breed dog running on the beach	A dog is running around	0
A dog gnawing on a bone.	A dog found a bone	1
A man smiles while he holds a newborn in a church pew.	Someone holding their baby is smiling while sitting down.	0
A woman in a white dress walking down the street with a woman in a purple shirt crossing the street.	The dress is white.	0
a cat sits alone in dry grass.	A cat running after a mouse.	2
A man wearing lime green pants and shirt working on a sign.	A sad man wearing lime green pants and shirt working on a sign.	1
A little girl with blond pigtails is being held upside down by a blond woman with a ponytail.	Two blond females are swimming.	2
Chef's working in a kitchen.	The chef is running out of the kitchen as flames engulf his kitchen, smoke alarms sounding.	2
A group of people are gathered in the woods around trees and a ladder.	People gathered in woods.	0
Two girls play with origami.	The girls eat the paper	2
Blond tennis player pauses to view the crowd.	A tennis player is looking at the crowd.	0
A schoolgirl wearing a white dress, blue-striped knee socks, a blue tie, and braids, smiles in front of a line of her classmates.	A smiling schoolgirl leads the her line of classmates.	0
Some pedestrians with multiple shopping bags walk down a paved walkway.	A man dances on a volcano	2
A middle-aged man in a gray t-shirt and brown pants sitting on his bed reading a flyer-like paper.	He is reading a flyer about a new job he is interested in.	1
Three children are in the process of jumping into a pool in what appears to be a suburban backyard.	The pool has water in it.	-1
A man holding his shoe on the beach	A man is reading a magazine at the library.	2
There are three woman conversing at a table with drinks.	The women are ignoring each other	2
A group packs food into boxes in a cold field.	The group is standing in the hot field.	2
A surfer wearing a red shirt takes on a huge blue wave.	Surfer in red catches a wave.	0
A woman with a purple purse sits on the metro with her suitcase.	A woman is waiting for a train.	1
Three people are playing a game, wearing white clothes, somewhere tropical.	A few people playing a game of golf in the tropics.	1
Man playing golf indoors with coat on.	A man is playing indoors.	0
The girls in the red shirts are doing flips in the air.	The girls are gymnasts.	1
A man is looking over a small cliff.	The cliff is near the ocean	1
A woman dangles from a blue fabric connected to a tree.	An acrobat is hanging from a tree.	1
The motorcyclist race on the course.	The man on the motorcycle road across the course.	1
A young boy with his mum going home after playing toy games.	A boy is with his mum.	0
A man with a bald head and wearing eyeglasses is carving a turkey.	A man is slicing a cake.	2
A woman sitting in a tan chair beside of a dog while smiling at the camera.	A man sitting in a tan chair beside of a dog while smiling at the camera.	2
A man in a black shirt painting a duplicate copy of another painting hanging in an art gallery.	The man is painting something.	0
A young woman holding a newborn in her arms while still wearing her hospital bracelet laying on a hospital bed.	A young woman is holding a newborn.	0
A little girl wearing a pink, yellow and white bathing suit, gets wet from a splash of water.	A girl wears a suit to work.	2
A dog running in the sand.	A dog is running outside.	0
A youngster straddles a small makeshift bench while his companion plays in the doorway nearby.	A kid straddles a bench	1
A man in a tank top holds a metal bar against a wall.	The man is wearing a shirt.	-1
A man on a bike under a large red umbrella gestures at a group of people.	A man is attempting to get people to come in out of the rain.	1
Young people sit in plastic chairs arranged around a set of stairs in a covered concrete area, wearing swim clothes, resting, and waiting.	People are standing angrily in line.	2
A man in an orange vest is on the sidewalk playing a guitar and singing while others are walking down the sidewalk.	A man is in a purple bathrobe is inside his home cooking breakfast.	2
A blue race car slides off the racetrack and hits white median bumpers with its rear.	The automobile lost control and hit something.	0
A man with a mustache is playing ice hockey with snow in the background.	A man is on a frozen lake.	1
Grading and pricing fish in an open air fish market.	A child stares at a fish tank as guppies and goldfish swim by.	2
A smiling man wearing a football jersey is carrying a stack of video games.	The man holds nothing	2
Man donned in jeans and football jersey prepares a meal complete with mean and beer, at his kitchen counter as the sunlight pours in from the kitchen window.	A young man is preparing a seafood lunch.	1
A mom is taking a picture with her two small daughters.	Mom is taking a family photo.	0
A man sits as a man behind him washes a bus.	One man works, another man works on his sitting.	0
A young man shielding himself from a stream of water from a fire engine by using an umbrella.	A fire engine shoots water at a young man with an umbrella.	0
A group of three people climb a path of wooden stairs up a rocky hill.	The people are sitting.	2
A group of three people climb a path of wooden stairs up a rocky hill.	The people are outdoors.	0
A brown-haired lady dressed all in blue denim sits in a group of pigeons.	A lady is feeding a group of pigeons.	1
A goalie is watching the action during a soccer game.	The goalie is standing by the net as the soccer game takes place.	0
A greyhound jumps over a chain.	A dog ran away from the racetrack.	1
A young man and woman lay on a bed, the woman makes a goofy face.	The man is laughing.	1
Two men on bicycles competing in a race.	Men are riding bicycles on the street.	1
A man inspects the uniform of a figure in some East Asian country.	Someone is wearing a uniform	0
A young man in a blue checkered dress shirt sits with a young woman in a black and white striped shirt and another young woman in a white shirt as they sit on each of his legs in a park.	People are sitting in a public area.	0
A man lies in an alley next to two plastic bags, wearing one shoe and no shirt.	A man lies in an alley with a shotgun and a bottle.	1
A little girl with a hat sits between a woman's feet in the sand in front of a pair of colorful tents.	The girl and woman are inside.	2
An old man and lady in a white uniform is standing next to a man in black playing an instrument.	A lady in a white uniform is sitting on a bench outside a hospital, taking a break from work.	2
A bald man in a red shirt and khaki shorts buys something from a woman wearing a visor in a store.	A man in khaki shorts is buying a snack.	1
Three boys are standing on the ledge outside of a building.	They are about to jump from the building.	1
Two children plus two dachshunds get ready for a sleepover.	The children are feeding the dogs	2
A view from a hidden camera at a low height shows a man and a woman standing under an umbrella mounted on the back of a three wheeled bicycle with a cart on the back.	A husband and wife enjoy their wedding in a church.	2
Two people are sitting in a station.	A jazz trio is giving a performance in the White House.	2
A woman is using Frisbees to play with a dog in front of a stadium crowd and a group of baseball players.	The dog is a show dog, entertaining the crowd before the game.	1
A man and a girl are both looking at something of interest.	Something catches the eye of a man and girl	0
A black dog is running through a snow covered area while holding something green in his mouth.	The dog is retrieving a tennis ball	1
a man and woman hug.	Someone is wearing a blue shirt.	1
People working together to build a shed.	people are building a bike shed	1
A woman in a purple dress talks on her cellphone and a man reads a book as a two-story bus passes by outside their window.	a woman talks on her phone	0
A man in a black hat and jacket is sitting down.	A man sitting down is wearing a black hat and a jacket.	0
A drummer plays the drums, while wearing a black dress shirt, and black and gray striped tie.	A darkly dressed drummer bangs on the drums.	0
A man is taking pictures hanging outside of a red rally car.	The man is alone in the bathroom.	2
A young girl wearing a pink shirt and jeans is running through a flowered field.	A girl is in the field.	0
A small child sits in the water, holding on to a bit of wood while smiling for a picture.	There is a child smiling for a picture.	0
A little boy sitting on the ground looking up at some men dressed up like an alien creature or machine.	The little boy is running.	2
A person dressed in all black throwing a ball down a bowling alley.	A person is bowling.	0
A woman with red dyed hair standing and walking with her purse among a group of seated people.	The woman is trying to get to her seat next to the group of seated people.	1
A tent advertising Surfer Magazine for the 25th annual Longboard Classic on the beach surrounded by palm trees.	The tent is advertising free flu vaccinations.	2
A dog reaches to catch a ball with its mouth.	The dog is brown.	1
The strangely dressed guys, one wearing an orange wig, sunglasses with peace signs, and a karate costume with an orannge belt, another wearing a curly blue wig, heart shaped sunglasses, and a karate outfit painted with leaves, and the third wearing pink underwear, a black afro, and giant sunglasses.	The people are naked.	2
Indian women playing musical chairs with white woman.	indain woman playing very well in musical chairs	1
A man who appears to be homeless, sitting on the ground with a blue jacket on and a bald spot in the middle of his head.	the man is old	1
A group of people are sitting at a table which has glasses of beer on it.	People are sitting down	0
A male and a female with a black hat, and sunglasses stop and talk.	Similarly dressed couple stops to discuss plans.	1
A woman is doing a cartwheel while wearing a bikini in the sand next to the beach.	A woman is doing a cartwheel and falls on her head.	2
A man in a shirt and tie does the splits on a wood floor	The man is on the moon.	2
I think this lady is waiting for a cab.	The lady needs a ride.	0
A mother and her two children sit down to rest.	Three people are running around.	2
A man in a white t-shirt takes a picture in the middle of the street with two public buses in the background.	A man is taking photos while on tour in nyc	1
A group of people wearing hats and using walking sticks are walking through a wooded area on a trail.	The tourists are being guided on their trip.	1
A topless man with tattoos, black pants, and black boots is standing on a platform in front of a mirror.	a man is standing	0
Tourists on a bridge pose for a photograph.	Tourists at London Bridge pose for a photograph.	1
A little boy is sitting next to a bed while wearing orange sunglasses and playing with a toy hammer	A boy is playing with a toy	0
Group of women in red swimsuits perform a dance routine in the sand at 2008 beijing olympics.	The men enjoy dancing in the sand.	2
Teens doing there best at a jump photo.	Girls are in mid-air.	1
Man with dreadlocks on a skateboard in the middle of the street.	The man with a buzz cut falls off the skateboard.	2
A male with brown clothing standing on the side of the street with his thumb out with a big bag on his back.	the man is flying a plane	2
A man with a "Backyard Babies" has a black box in front of him and a crowd on chairs behind him.	The man is being watched.	1
Elderly woman with green sweater picking out produce in outdoor market.	The lady is buying some avocados and lettuces	1
A small girl in a blue shirt with a posy pattern brushes her teeth with a red and yellow toothbrush.	She punches through the wall	2
The middle eastern woman wearing the pink headscarf is walking beside a woman in a purple headscarf.	Two women are walking together.	-1
3 women and 2 men waiting by a wall in the park talking	The people were not waiting.	2
A person with a dark yellow baseball cap and a gray sweatshirt is in the air over an outdoor fountain in front of a cityscape.	The person in the air is asian.	1
A nun uses her camera to take a photo of an interesting site.	A nun on her knees praying by a statue.	2
A jockey in blue gallops a chestnut horse on a dirt track past a wooden fence.	A jockey rides a horse	0
A man is standing in coconuts while trying to open one.	A woman is standing in coconuts while trying to open one.	2
A woman prays while a young girl lights a fire	The woman and girl are sleeping.	2
The little boy is jumping into a puddle on the street.	The boy is getting dirty as he plays in the muddy puddles.	1
A man in a beanie doing a bike trick.	The man is upside down.	1
Two yellow dogs are running side by side down a road.	the yellow dogs run on the road to their owners house	1
A group of people are running in the cold.	People caught in a snow storm	1
Two girls with long brown hair sit on the floor with a view from the window behind them showing a town.	Two girls with long brown hair sit on the floor	0
A woman is walking with a boy who is holding a flag.	A lady is next to a child who has a flag.	0
A man carrying a hard hat is running down the street.	A man who is late is running down the street and carrying a hard hat.	1
A man playing a banjo near a tree at an outdoor event.	The man playing a banjo is trying to earn money.	1
a group of people riding bikes in a marathon as people line the street.	The people riding bikes are running from the police.	2
A butterfly has lit on the head of this sleeping toddler.	A butterfly is on the head of a toddler.	0
A girl prepares herself for the swim meet.	The girl is wearing all black.	1
A racing motorcycle rider has fallen off his bike and is sliding on the ground while another rider is driving behind.	There are at least two riders.	0
A young man and a young women in white lab coats are reading a biology textbook together and looking at a microscope in a laboratory.	Two scientists are conducting an experiment.	1
two people playing baseball one running and one throwing a ball.	two people playing ball at sunset.	1
A man with a striped shirt looks at a load of green and yellow vegetables on the back of a truck.	A man selling vegetables from the back of a truck.	1
A woman wearing a hat and a man covering his eyes sit on benches on a boat.	A women and a man are talking to each other on a boat.	1
A man in an urban area is sweeping the sidewalks, with a group of people in the background, crossing a street.	A man is sweeping.	0
Four men riding in a gray, fast moving boat appear to be wearing vests.	Four men ride in a fast boat.	0
A girl is standing and another one is sitting by a tree	Both girls are sitting by the tree.	2
People are standing around visiting near a fountain.	People are standing outside.	0
A girl climbing a rock face.	A girl climbing a rock face outside.	1
Santa Claus being photographed at a holiday media event.	Santa Claus is the center of attention as usual.	1
A restaurant front line, with a warmer in the front and a person in a red Coca Cola shirt cooking.	The person is cooking a hamburger.	1
Three people in t-shirt, yellow helmets and harnesses begin to climb ladder.	Three people walk up the stairs.	2
A bearded man wearing a blue shirt is playing an acoustic guitar.	The man is making music.	0
A group of men are standing in a field with papers.	Men are riding a cat.	2
3 women and 2 men waiting by a wall in the park talking	The people were waiting by the wall.	0
Two men, one kneeling and one squatting, are posing in front of a clear wall with shops in the background.	There are two men posing in front of a transparent wall that you can see shops behind.	0
A woman riding a bicycle past a car and a group of people on a sidewalk.	A woman riding a bicycle near a group of her friends on the sidewalk.	1
A woman walks next to a subway exit.	A woman runs next to a subway exit.	2
Two men inside a tent are examining the floor.	men looking at the floor	0
A man wearing a white and blue shirt cooking corn on the cob while a different man buys a piece of corn.	The farmer is selling some of his stock to a customer.	1
A woman using a large camera while standing in the street.	A woman is holding an umbrella with both hands.	2
An Asian child sleeping in a grocery cart in a grocery store.	The child is with his mother.	1
A view down the train tracks in a large city.	A view outdoors.	0
A man in a green shirt and black hat is smoothing concrete.	He is a construction worker for the city.	1
A balding man is getting his shoes cleaned on a street corner.	A man outside.	0
A white dog is chasing a stuffed animal being pulled on a string.	the animal is a puppy	1
Two teenagers in green and brown coats pose for a picture while out shopping.	Two teenagers pose for a picture.	0
A man with a tattoo is wearing sunglasses while holding a small boy.	A man with a facial tattoo and Ray-Bans is holding a toddler.	1
Middle-aged man in jeans and dark blue t-shirt carrying a black item and walking across a lawn.	Man sneaking across lawn with stolen item.	-1
A boy riding on a carnival ride turns around for a photograph.	A tall human riding	1
A woman is pushing her bike with a baby carriage in front.	A woman is taking her child for a stroll.	0
A man sitting up taking a nap on a park bench with an open umbrella protecting him from the sun.	A man naps in a sunny park.	0
A white dog with brown ears runs down a gravel path with a ball in its mouth.	A dog runs down a path with a green ball.	1
A child is looking out of a door.	There is a door.	0
these two ladies are reading a sign while shading themselves from the sun with their umbrellas.	Two ladies out in the daytime	0
Young boys playing indoor basketball, one team has black and white uniforms, the other has orange and white.	Some girls are playing a game of baseball.	2
Two men, both have glasses, are wearing striped shirts are in the kitchen preparing a meal and washing up.	Two men are talking as their wives make dinner in the kitchen.	2
A man wearing a yellow striped shirt laughs while seated next to another man who is wearing a light blue shirt and clasping his hands together.	One man laughs at a funny joke his friend told.	1
A little boy wearing glasses and a t-shirt that says, "I'm a Pepper and Dr. Pepper," stands looking at an older boy sitting in the grass.	Young boy watches his brother sitting down in the grass.	1
A young man is using gloves to control a device with wires in it.	A young man is working on the electrical wiring for a new factory.	1
A man in a red shirt plays his guitar while looking down.	A man playing the drums	2
A man drawing pictures of individuals sits under an umbrella with previous works such as justin beiber around him.	a man is drawing	0
A young child, wearing a pink-polkadotted outfit, smiles at the camera as she lays on a white, shaggy rug.	The child is wearing polka dots	0
5 women sitting around a table doing some crafts.	Five women sit at a table.	0
Two blond girls and 2 brunettes walking down a really long hallway with intricate paintings on the walls.	Four people are in a hallway.	0
Two people are walking down an isolated road.	People are walking outside.	0
People are standing around visiting near a fountain.	People are standing around the new fountain in the city hall.	1
A man in a beige trench coat is walking in the rain.	A man in a blue shirt is sitting in the rain.	2
Two guys are wearing uniforms who are running in the grass.	There are two guys wearing uniforms running in the grass.	0
A man in a green and black coat is leaning on trashcan.	The man in a shirt is leaning on a post.	2
Young girls are running along in a park.	Girls run outside in a park.	0
A lady sitting on a bench that is against a building and under a poster of a man in a uniform waving.	A person sitting	0
A white man in the shower has fashioned his hair into a mohawk hairstyle using soap suds.	A man in the shower makes a funny hairstyle for his laughing son.	1
A woman with a beautiful dress and matching umbrella is walking down the street carrying a purse on her arm.	The woman is not carrying an umbrella.	2
Man in brown and red checkered button up shirt and blue jeans makes a male and female laugh.	A flight attendant is demonstrating airplane safety but no one is paying attention.	2
A woman in a blue jacket is drinking tea from a cup.	A woman is eating a donut.	2
Several men in protective suits are rolling a man on a gurnee.	Zombies are leaving the hospital	2
Performers sing together on stage	They are singing a capella.	1
A man sitting on the ground carving a green coconut with a large knife.	The man is standing.	2
A man in a green shirt playing drums.	The man plays a percussive instrument.	0
A young man is holding a small boy who is wearing a backpack in front of a derelict building in a poor country.	A man is holding a purse	2
A man and three kids walk up a paved hill.	A woman walks her children home from school.	2
Nine women in blue and purple dresses and one man wearing a purple shirt and black pants, clap while a man dressed in black dances.	There is a group watching a street performance.	1
A man in a brightly colored vest performs on stage.	The guy is killing people.	2
A Asian man in a red and yellow uniform diving for the birdie in a game	A uniformed individual of asian descent retrieves a birdie	0
A couple of peace corp workers are helping a black kid dig.	The peace corp people are helping the black kid dig a hole to find gold.	1
An entertainer in a black shirt with a red tie and red suspenders, in Toronto, is playing with fire.	A fire eater is performing in front of a crowd in Toronto.	1
Two women in bathing suits are together in a two-seat kayak in water with trees in the background.	People enjoying a day with nature in their kayak.	0
Man plays electronic drum set in band.	The man is only drummer in the band.	1
Group sweeping away leakage while bystanders look on.	A group sweeps in front of bystanders.	0
Four people sit on a subway two read books, one looks at a cellphone and is wearing knee high boots.	Multple people are using the subway to get to work.	1
Performers sing together on stage	The performers are singing solo.	2
A man in a blue plaid shirt and blue jeans, wearing a black helmet, pauses to drink water next to a large blue steel corrugated tube.	The man is drinking water after riding a bicycle.	1
A person is sitting in front of three blue and white port-o-potties with a mop propped against them.	The person is paid to clean them.	1
A man is cooking pies in the oven.	The man cooking has oven mits on.	1
A group of dancers with green shirts are all holding hands in a circle, one lady has a white shirt.	A group of dancers is watching a movie	2
a person cooking on a fire while a small child watches.	A person makes a pancake while a child watches.	1
This car is leaving a dust trail as it travels along a dirt road in a wooded area.	A car is traveling along a dirt road.	0
A young indian boy sitting down thinking about his future.	A man teaches his daughter to ride a horse.	2
A bridesmaid gives a toast with a microphone while two other bridesmaids and a gentleman look on.	A bridesmaid is giving a toast.	0
A brown dog is about to catch a treat.	A cat is licking itself.	2
A person is riding his bicycle and is flying through the air on it.	The boy is doing tricks with his bike.	1
Several people, including a boy in a striped shirt walk on a concrete path away from a body of water.	People are walking on a dirt path.	2
A white dog with brown ears runs down a gravel path with a ball in its mouth.	A dog runs down a dirt path with a bone in its mouth.	2
Two dogs playing on snow covered ground	The dogs are playing in grass.	2
A group of people are standing inside an office	Some people are seen inside a room.	0
Two boys laying tile in a bathroom.	Some kids are napping.	2
Dog standing in grassy sand dune.	A basset hound runs by a park bench.	2
They are sitting on the edge of a fountain	The persons are smoking cigarettes at the local bar.	2
A lot of people walking outside a row of shops with an older man with his hands in his pocket is closer to the camera.	A lot of dogs barking outside a row of shops with a cat teasing them.	2
The pitcher wearing black heaves the ball toward the catcher.	The Seahawks win the Super Bowl.	2
An elderly woman in a crowd pushing a wheelchair.	There is a young man in a crowd.	2
A young boy in a brown shirt and green shorts shares a laugh with an elderly lady wearing a black pants outfit.	A boy and a woman are laughing about a joke he told.	1
a boy walks through the water.	A boy walks through water in a fountain.	1
An orange car is driving across a steel bridge in a city.	A car is driving on the highway towards the country-side.	2
A man in a yellow shirt does East Asian calligraphy.	A man does graffiti.	2
Three young people sit outside and engage with electronic devices.	They all have devices.	0
An african american runs with a basketball as a caucasion tries to take the ball from him.	The african american player does tricks with the basketball like a Globetrotter, while teasing the white player.	1
A man is holding a bus pole in front of a building.	The man is waiting for the bus	1
People riding an old looking trolley.	The trolley makes a rickety noise while moving.	1
A large brown and black dog jumps in the air holding a white Frisbee in its mouth.	Children play catch with the family dog.	1
A train is being worked on buy three men.	The men are near the train.	0
A lady dances in a polka dot dress and a head of flowers with a fan clasped in her hand while others are looking in a different direction with two men holding onto a ladder and others discussing.	A woman dances while a group of people purposely ignore her.	1
Children standing and climbing near a fountain.	Kids standing and climbing.	0
A woman is looking into a mirror, brushing her hair.	A woman is brushing her hair.	0
A girl and two boys are playing in water.	The children are at the beach.	1
An older gentleman speaking at a podium.	The college dean giving the graduation speech	1
A little boy is eating a red Popsicle.	A little boy is eating	0
A light brown dog with his tail in the air jumps of a pontoon toward the water.	A dog jumps toward the water.	0
A lone, 2-3 year old blond child in a blue jacket is putting a small black plastic item in his mouth as he kneels on a waiting room couch pointed toward the back while looking at something or someone not in the room.	The couch is pointed toward the front.	2
A boy in a red shirt with arms outstretched on the side of hill.	A boy is pretending to be an airplane as he runs around on a hill.	1
Three young women pose for the camera at a parade.	Three young women are dressed for the parade.	0
A man in a blue shirt is in a lab looking into a microscope.	A man is on job in the lab	1
Boy reading book with company of a rolled over dog.	The child is attending the circus.	2
A woman wearing a red dress and head covering is standing outside of a building.	A woman is outside.	0
A man in a restaurant having lunch.	The man is at a restaurant.	0
A band performs beneath colorful stage lights, the bass player singing into the microphone while the guitarist and drummer play in the background.	a group of metal musicians play hardcore music	1
A person is standing on top of a snow covered mountain.	A person stands on a beach in Hawaii	2