Four on a good day, three on others.\n\nIt's a really nice custard, where it goes down to a three is day and time of day you show up.\n\nThis last visit, I was first in line when it opened, so, full selection of flavors for the day. And had flavors that were not vanilla or chocolate. The other flavors were very good. \n\nAs others said, if stuck with vanilla, meh. Wrong day and or late in the day, the flavors they have left might not be inspiring.\n\nSo get there early in the day, and don't add extra stuff to it: order a plain cone or cup, and you should be happy.	1
I have seen all of the Vegas Cirque Du Soleil shows and this is my favorite one.  I love that there are speakers in the headrests - that extra base and surround sound environment really makes you feel more aware of what is going on in the show.  I love when the speakers pick up the shooting arrows.  It sounds so awesome - like they are zooming by your ears.  The music is also really cool - lots of drums and even a heavy metal electric guitar song.\n\nThe stage feels like a futuristic Matrix or Mad Max environment.  This is a saga about a royal brother and sister that get separated when marauding tribesmen kill their parents during a summer festival.  There is a distinct Asian theme to this cirque.  The tribes people are tattooed like Hawaiians or the Yakuza, there is a Kabuki looking evil lord, and lots of Chinese style acrobatics.  The boy is guarded by the main family warrior who is this yoked shirtless hottie cakes with dreadlocks and a spear.  The girl is guarded by their overweight big breasted nanny and some clowns.  \n\nThe stage is a 360 degree revolving platform that moves horizontally and vertically.  The floor at several points is the wall.  There is this one scene where they are at the beach and then the beach turns into the wall and a zillion pounds of sand slides off of it along with one of the clowns who drops about 30 feet down.  There is another scene where the stage is supposed to be a mountain and the girl and her entourage is trying to climb to the top to escape the evil peeps.  As they are climbing up the wall there are evil people shooting arrows at them from the audience which in turn makes pegs pop out of the wall to simulate arrows sticking out of the wall.  The climbers swing in really pretty circles around the pegs.  The girl gets to the top and is sheltered by these Mongolian looking people.  It is now winter.  \n\nMeanwhile the boy and his stud warrior guardian hang out and make really cool shadow puppets.  They subsequently get caught by the tribesmen and get put in wheel shaped cages.  In the process there are a couple of other scenes including this one where guys are running and jumping rope on the outside of these hamster wheels that are revolving like a Ferris wheel about 30 feet in the air.  That may be the best acrobatics scene in the whole show.  While in captivity, the boy falls in love with the tribes' princess, who looks a little butch.  She releases him so that he can find his sister and then she does a cool baton twirling dance.  \n\nThe sister also falls in love with some dude in that sheer Britney Spears outfit with the little diamonds all over it and a red thong and they flirt with each other while flying around the stage from one of those hanging sheets.  Visually it is really pretty, but the dude looks like he might be a little light in the loafers with his long flowing hair and rhinestone outfit.\n\nI don't know how the brother and the sister reunite, but they do and they regroup and go to war against the evil Kabuki lord with the help of the tribes' princess' troops.  I forgot to mention that somewhere along the way the boy rescues the princess' dad from being captured by Kabuki face.  The bad people that tried to capture the boy and the girl are now on their side.  They go to war; the stage is again a wall and of course they win, get their kingdom back and the boy and the girl get married and all of the costumes are really pretty. \n\nSome other cool scenes include a boat on the stormy waters, an insect inspired rain forest act with swinging acrobats, and a flying contraption made to look like a bird that is operated by 5 people.  This is a must see theater production.  It was so worth the $340 we spent on tics	1
On the surface, a not bad hotel. Not in a great location, not a big Vegas extravaganza, almost Kimpton in it's redesign. But don't let the surface details fool you-this is a varnished cardboard mock up of a nice hotel. All the details are as cheap as possible, and you'll be nickle and dimed in unexpected ways, and screwed to big dollars signs in the ways you'd expect.  And the spa? I walked put after being kept waiting for 25 minutes for my appointment, so I can't speak to the actual experience (that was the hotel's unforgivable moment)\n\nTropicana is lipstick on a pig. Expect nothing, and it's probably worth staying here	0
Wow, this place was packed at noon! There was a line almost out the door when I entered. I browsed through the menu while I waited. Having eaten at a Kneader's Bakery when I visited the SLC area, I was interested in trying out the sandwiches and baked goods here to see if the AZ location was as good as my previous experience.\n\nI decided on the turkey half sandwich ($4.39) on hazelnut 12 grain, a mint chocolate chip brownie, and a soda. The half sandwich was very filling, with nicely seasoned roast turkey, fresh lettuce, tomato, and onion, with mayo. The bread was soft, with large crunchy pieces of hazelnut in it.\n\nThe mint chocolate brownie was delicious. It was thick, fudgey, with a light whipped-cream mint frosting. \n\nSodas are Coke-based, and there is a self serve fountain.\n\nDefinitely a tasty place for a sandwich or baked sweet!	1
I've come in here a number of times - it's a decent salad bar. They have salad options with the bar, and the soups are the best part. The freshly cooked pasta leave something to be desired. \n  I used to really like it, but I find it harder to keep coming back. The service gets poorer all the time. They used to come around with fresh cookies periodically, but that has completely stopped - they will sell you some. The cashiers and managers are the biggest challenge. I get coupons by email, and every time I go in they refuse to honor them - they add some requirement that doesn't exist on the coupon. Both times I involved a manager, they were smug and blew me off. \n  With no discounts, the price is pretty high. At $10 for a salad bar, I really would expect something more.	0
Summer time is supposed to be \""healthy time\"", so I am trying to watch what I eat. Now, I will always be a big guy (not \""two fat twins on their matching motorcycles\"" big, but you know, not little) but I definitely am eating more appropriately. However, I work in an office, and around 11:30, people start to double-think their lunch choices. Yes, the night before, a breakfast bowl from Jimmy Dean sounds like an excellent lunch selection, but all that pushing of buttons and watching your meal spin in the microwave? Forget it; one \""What are you doing for lunch\"" from a buddy and I was out of there.\n\nAthenian was a prime lunch spot for me for awhile, and just fell out of favor. No time like the present to return, plus SB had never been there before today. We took the 2 minute drive to Central and rolled in to a 1/3 filled Athenian Express. Happy to have missed the rush, I immediately ordered my favorite dish, the gyro feta (no tomatoes/onions, add lettuce) with fries, and SB got a chicken sub and potato salad.\n\nFirst issue, no fountain soda? If I can't destroy myself with aspartame in my free refills, it's not a great lunch. Plus, I don't like drinking out of cans unless its a more adult beverage. Fix yo machine, Athenian!\n\nOutside of the $1.50 soda, the meal was as good as always. It was a bit lighter on the feta than usual (and LOVE me some feta goodness), but still had quite a pile. The meat was thick and cooked through, definitely filled up the pita to an overflowing Greek party. The french fries weren't overcooked, which is good because burned fries suck fully. Add in a side of tzatziki sauce to poor over everything, and times were well spent. It's a ton of food for what you pay, and one of the best deals downtown.\n\nMy coworker didn't fair quite as well, but it was more his preferences than issues with the meal. His chicken sub came with a huge breast, which I would think is a good thing, but for him caused the sandwich to be overstuffed (like I said, weird preferences). He demolished the entire thing, so it must have not been too bad, along with the potato salad, which he was a fan of as well.\n\nAll in all, very good lunch experience. I usually get take-out, but the Greek team had their World Cup game, so it seemed appropriate to hang out and watch the \""exciting\"" 0-0 match-up. If we can get some fountain sodas up in there, Athenian will likely jump back on my radar (and I may even get a salad.....maybe).	1
The place was clean, nice, and the staff friendly.  My kids 6 and younger loved it.  My 9 year old was just ok.  He brought his ipod touch and that helped. I would highly recommend it to people who need a safe place to leave their kids for a few hours.  I wish they allowed kids to stay longer than 4 hours.	1
Love, love, love the bean and cheese burritos and guacamole! Delicious lemonade and horchata too!!	1
Waited to review until all the freshness had worn off. Great experience - except for parking.. but this whole area is horrific for parking. Awesome, cocktails had the Moscow mule ala Joyride -- yummy... ... really great and unique food.	1
I've been to the dentist off and on for the last two years and had wisdom teeth out and had a cap put on a cracked tooth.  The staff has always been very friendly and knowledgeable and they make visiting fun and easy.  I'd recommend them for anyone nearby who is looking for a good dentist.	1
Yep, just as good as everybody says. \n\nThe store inside is very neat and organized (big fan of that) and have a great, friendly staff. They have a wide variety of items, some things you can hardly find anywhere else in Vegas. \n\nThe salad bar... Oh my goodness, the salad bar. I come here for the salad bar alone too often. So many options. So many toppings. Also, the deli and pizza place looks pretty dang good and I would be more than willing to give them a try, if I am ever not in the mood for their salad bar. (Just to be clear, I would never eat at any other grocery store's deli section. They're just that good)	1
Ahhhhh Vegas!!!! You showed me a good time. You made me feel like a young little thing and then when I doubted the thought of getting into the clubs for free.....my faith was restored! Halleluah!\nMy girlfriend and I were shopping at Caesar's Palace and met a fine young man named Shane. He asked us if we were going to any clubs? never mind that it was 1pm and I hadn't even thought about what I was eating for lunch but uh yeah we plan to hit up some clubs! He said meet me at Carmel in the Bellagio, I will get you a free round of drinks and then I can get you in The Bank for free and to the front of the line. Um Shane you had me at a free round of drinks ;) this guy was good, he was smooth, not creepy and confident we met him at 10:30 and all was as promised. We had drinks, got escorted to the front of the line and we were in. \nIt was packed the cast of Glee was there...ehhhh I don't watch at all so whatevs everyone else seemed very interested in this group.\nThey played good music, the bartenders were really nice served up some strong drinks and I loved the snowflakes that were dropping on the dance floor. This club to me was so Vegas and so fun! We met a lot of cool people and next time...oh next time we will for sure do the bottle service!	1
4.8 stars\n\ni was here last Thursday, Friday and Saturday.  Thursday night was  $27 and Friday and Saturday it was $40 with tax. $5 more for unlimited champagne or more like sparkling wine.  There was a huge line and if you want to wait in line it was take you about 30 mins.  But i am going to let you in on a secret ... shhhhhhhh....     only for yelp users.. just go ahead and hop on the left where there is only 5 to 6 people usually waiting there. no one check to see if you have a line pass or not. If there is a big security guard just ask to see Anna. she is a big Hispanic girl in her 20s. Just tell her \""you love Tap out shirts\"" and slip her a $10 tip in the palm of your hand and you don't have to waiting in line any more.     \nthe crab legs are really good cause they been cut in half already. but the best thing in this place is the dessert.  every dessert and ice cream taste great at this place.  best puff pastry ever and try the suger free lime pie.  trust me about the pastry i used  to be a baker.	1
terrible service; pay with debit card and get an attitude plus an additional $1 for the privilege.  Typical service of a business that couldn't care less, and think THEY are doing YOU the favor.   Do YOURSELF a favor and go somewhere they actually value their customers.  Here they DO NOT!!	0
In the mood for sushi or oysters but stuck downtown?  This is your place.  The Ahi is excellent!!  Oysters are great.  Service is always great.  Atmosphere is comfortable with numerous TVs and away from the din of the casino.  The best brew I've had here was a mango cream ale: refreshing, well balanced, mango essence and not overly sweet--great brew to have with oysters and spicy Ahi!!	1
I had an amazing time here! I didn't have any services done, just paid $45 for the day pass. I sat in the different pools, enjoyed some tea, and just had a very relaxing hour. They provide you with everything you need - flip flops, hair cap, curling iron, hair gel, deodorant, toothpaste, etc. They were lacking the snacks department, only pretzels, bananas, apples and oranges. All the women were wearing swimsuits. I loved the multiple shower heads in the shower.	1
Same situation. \nI called yesterday to schedule an appointment. I made sure to ask if the rental was definitely available and I was assured it was. I made the appointment. Called today to verify and there was no record of me making it (even though yesterday  I received an email from the company detailing the appointment!).  Leasing Agent's name I was given was Ryan and I am not sure he even works for them. The whole company is weird and I would not trust renting from them. \n\nStay away if you're renting, their is something weird going on there.	0
The store is great find!  \n They have a great assortments of all kinds of used sporting equipment at great prices.  I needed a lot of used softballs to be used for team practices.  They had a large assortment of ball and the balls were in great conditions and at a great price.  The employees were super nice and helpful.  I will definitely be back!	1
Arrived 6:50 am pulled up to the express oil change, (fast lane)  service mgr comes over to fill out ticket and asked me who my appt was with, when i told him i didnt have one he started being snippy, i never needed an appt before, ive been coming here 2-3x  a yr for 3  yrs, so i go into the lobby to find it filthy and no coffe yet, whats going on here in fancy scottsdale? I think i need to find a new Dodge place!!	0
If I could give this place negative stars, I would.  If you want to spend $$$ for Brazilian AYCE, best bet is either Fogo de Chao or Texas de Brazil.  Do NOT waste your $$$ and time at Pampas.  Food and service is not worth it unless they bring down prices to the same cost as McDonalds...that's how bad it is.	0
Don't come here if you have any sort of time constraints. The only reason I'm not giving this place 1 star is because I didn't actually get to taste the food. I came here for lunch knowing that there would probably be a wait. But, I was craving some chicago style pizza, and I had an hour so I thought I'd be fine.\n\nI walk in and stare at the 2 workers in the place for 5 minutes. Finally he asks \""Can I help you?\"" Something about the way he said it just rubbed me the wrong way. It felt like he thought I was intruding upon his precious time. Granted, the restaurant was pretty full, and they seemed understaffed so I just asked for a table. He told me to \""sit tight\"", which I did. I sat tight for at least 15 minutes without anyone paying any more attention to me. An update on time would have been really nice. Even just saying a word to remind me that I hadn't become invisible would have been appreciated. Of course they were too busy running past me to say anything though. After wasting 20 minutes of my lunch break, I gave up and left.\n\nHopefully I can come back and actually try the food. But, the service here is really poor from what I can tell. The pizza better be amazing; otherwise, I don't think I'll be tempted to come back here.	0
I am going to start calling this \""Disney Walgreens\"". It's huge, well lit, has a mini grocery section, and is always clean. \n\nI went into the Take Care Health Care Clinic this morning-- no appointment, and had to wait for about a half an hour, which was fine, considering that I was able to sign in and then meander around the gigantic store for the majority of the time that I spent there.\n\nBarbara (Barb) was the RN who helped me with what I thought was an ear infection. She did the normal doctor thing, and then wrote me a prescription. She was very nice and funny. She was also especially interested in the swelling that I had in my throat because it wasn't any of the \""usuals\"". She recommended that I take an antibiotic for 72 hours, and if the swelling had not gone down, to go to an Urgent Care or the ER. I really appreciated that she took the time to thoroughly check me out and that she didn't make up a fake diagnosis, and came right out and said that she wasn't exactly sure what it was. Really appreciate the honesty.\n\nLet's cross our fingers and hope it is just some obscure infection and that penicillin will get it gone.\n\nOverall, very pleasant experience. Also, took my Aetna insurance. Woo!	1
This is the first time in my life--and I lived in Houston for 22 years with tons of Mexican foods eaten--that I have EVER seen a restaurant put tons of white rice in your burrito to make it go farther.  This place is in trouble if they are cheating the customers that way.  The meat was fresh (what there was of it) and the ingredients were fresh, but what a rip.\nI can find better all over.  Period.	0
We had reservations and we were late. I hate being late but I was not in control of our group that night so there you go. But even though we were late they greeted us with a smile and still had our table waiting. \n\n We then were greeted by the wait person, a very nice woman with a great smile. She took our drink orders and appetizers .It all came very quickly. But it did not feel we were being rushed in any way.\n\n I honestly can not remember what we all ordered for the actual dinner. But I do know it was VERY good. I was surprised in that we have had a recent string of crappy meals in other places that this is what I was expecting. But lucky for us we all truly enjoyed our food and time. \n\n This was a few weeks ago and it is time to go back ;-[)	1
If I could put zero I would. I've been coming here since it opened and it has went down hill for sure. Drinks are half azs and service is just as bad. At least nights are terrible. \nIf you are looking for a place to play and get a drink I would recommend to look at other bars. The night shift bartender does not take care of the players but he does take care of his friends that hang out there. My drink taste fine but alittle warm for it being wine. I promise one thing as long as the bartender I had tonight is there we will not be going back. So many other choices in this town than a place that caters to bartenders friends and not people that can bring this place other paying customers!!	0
New York Flavor is right around the corner from my place and I love going here.  They have the best food and the nicest service.  As many of the reviews mention, you must try the basil marscapone burger on your first visit.  It's what they are known for and is a great treat!	1
Nice n cumfy joint.	1
I went there after purchasing a living social deal.  First of all, I want my nail done French and they said they couldn't do it, they didn't know how. The pedicure was disappointing.  She didn't cut my cuticles and did a  sloppy job on my toes.  The lady was nice, but talked to much. I really enjoy the massage chairs and bubbly foot soak. The chair was basic and they brought out a bowl of water for the soak. I was also supposed to get a glass of champagne, but of course they didn't have it.  I had a shellac nail treatment.  They again don't soak your hands or cut your cuticles.  She missed a large area on my thumb.  Very disappointing experience.  I will never go back.  I will stick with the asians. They do nails best.	0
When I needed to send a large antique glass lamp overseas, the helpful and professional folks at Green Planet found me a relatively inexpensive shipping method (about 80% less than DHL or FedEx), and packed the item so it arrived completely unharmed. Well done!	1
Nice park with lots of stuff for the kids. Playground, water feature, big open field, picnic area, and lake with waterfalls, ducks, geese, and turtles.	1
PROS:\n1. Cheap eats!! You get your bang for your buck here. Lots of meaty & vegetarian options.\n\n2. Food is yummy. Their mango lassi is made with HOMEMADE yogurt which makes it really tasty.\n\nCONS:\n1. The silver platter thingy awkwardly sits on top of a tray.\n\nOVERALL:\n-Go here for a casual meal. I prefer this place than the indian buffet places around mtl.	1
I would give them ZERO stars if it were an option. No one came to wait on us. I had to ask the hostess to send us a waiter. We'll call him Mr. Personality because he never did tell us his name. I should have known we were in trouble when he didn't bother to write down our order. My Caesar salad came without the requested onions. My grilled salmon was overcooked. The vegetables were bland. The waiter took away my half-empty glass of ginger ale and filled it with water. He never offered us dessert. The rest rooms were filthy. I would never recommend this place to anyone.	0
If your a NY/NJ transplant to Phoenix and miss the Italian Bakery & Deli that you took for granted in your old neighborhood then rest assured because Romanelli's will make you feel like your back home.\n\nGreat cold cuts and subs.  Everything high quality.  Amazing homemade Italian sausage.  You got your Polly-O cheeses like back east and Wise potatoe chips and cheese doodles.  \n\nEveryone mentions the Canolli and it deserves it.  I am not sure its the best I have ever had but its up there and they will get you fresh ones upon request with no hassle.  \n\nEverything is fresh and everything is delicious and for a NY/NJ transplant it is a refreshing spot when feeling a little homesick!  \n\nThey even got great freshly baked Italian cookies and breads.  \n\nThank God for Romanelli's!!!	1
Really good macaroons. They are definitely on the sweet side but that's how I like it. Quite a decent variety (including one decorated like a bee for the kids). \n\nGreat price! 1.65 each, or 6 for 10. \nReasonably close to metro station\nTakes credit card\n\nWe went twice during our 3 days in Montreal	1
INCONSISTENT!  Last Saturday was our fifth visit to this Restaurant of Mario's.  The past four times were great, but this time BOTH pasta dishes we ordered were under cooked, and the Veal Chop was overdone.  Very disappointing.	0
This is a chain restaurant, but they are fanatical about the quality of their food and service.  It's a little pricey at around $20-$25 a plate for a dinner entree but the food is high quality.\n\nLet's get our priorities in order:\n\nIn terms of drinks, I had a vodka tonic (Well vodka there is Smirnoff but they also carry Ketel One) and a Watermelon Margarita.  The vodka tonic was about what you'd expect.  A decent neutral drink with a splash of citrus.  The Watermelon Margarita was a little sweet for my taste but it was definitely an interesting experience and certainly strong enough and big enough.  It's a $9 drink but it comes with a sidecar caraffe that will completely refill the Margarita glass and then some so it's really like 2 margaritas for under five bucks each.\n\nNow that that's out of the way let's discuss dessert:\n\nI had a bite of the cheesecake which was tasty, but not award winning.    \n\nEntrees:\nI tried the NY strip and a lobster tail, both of which were well prepared though I'm not a huge fan of their spice rub.  It's not bad mind you, I just prefer my steaks either naked or marinated.  The good news is their steaks are never frozen and the quality of the cuts I saw looked pretty high (mine was good).  The lobster tail was good.  I'd say comparable to Red Lobster which is probably about all you can expect for a chain restaurant in the desert.  Besides, I like Red Lobster so that's not intended to be a slight, it's just not the same as living in port towns and having fresh local seafood available which is an entirely different thing.\n\nThe house garden salad was nothing to write home about, but it wasn't disgusting either.  They rounded up the usual suspects (Iceberg, Carrots, an onion ring, a couple of cucumbers and some cherry tomatoes) and held them for questioning in an average sized bowl.  it was about what you'd expect for a dinner salad at a steak place.\n\nThe bread was fresh and delicious.  I liked the taste better than that brown stuff they serve at Outback.\n\nMy baked potato was pretty much what you'd expect from a baked potato. Split down the middle with butter in it.  It was good, but I couldn't finish it as I had too many other competing morsels to contend with.\n\nAll in all the food was good and my only complaint was that I ate too much.  I would definitely go again.	1
This is my new FAVORITE restaurant in Vegas...I even like it better than Joel Robuchon right next door.  Even though it has only 1 michelin star, the food quality is pretty much the same as the 3-michelin one next door, except with a more relaxed atmosphere (and 1/3 of the price).  Had the chef tasting menu (discovery menu) and each and every dish was amazingly delicious....not to mention beautifully prepared.  Favorites of the menu were the poached oysters & the caramel panna cotta w/ yogurt foam (probably one of the best desserts I've eaten in my entire life).  I love the dessert so much, I would order it every time I came to Vegas if it were on a set menu.  (It's THAT good...)  \n\nWas celebrating a bday the night we came, and in addition to the desserts that were already on the tasting menu, we received an extra plate of mini treats (fruit tart, chocolate hazelnut cake) with \""happy birthday\"" written on the plate w/ a candle. It was a very nice added bonus.\n\nThe tasting menu is the perfect amount of food...you don't leave hungry, but at the same time, you don't leave not being able to walk (compared to the 16 course tasting next door).  The tasting menu takes about 2.5 hours to complete...and since the food is very rich, you become full as it settles.  \n\nIf you have the chance, this is a MUST-TRY restaurant in Vegas.  Once you eat here...no meal from any other restaurant in Vegas will compare or come close (except the one next door if you want to pay a lot more $$$ for a more romantic, upscale environment and service).  For the best bang for the buck, this is the BEST Vegas has to offer :)	1
I've been to this Subway twice and both times I have been disappointed.\n\nFirstly - it appears that none of the workers behind the counter communicate well (mainly the cashier and the sandwich maker).\n\nOn two different occasions, spanning 2-3 months, I have been OVERCHARGED for my sandwich.  I have to check my receipt and then wait another 5-10 minutes to get my refund.\n\nThe assembly line leaves much to be desired as well.  I did not want to \""go there\"" but I clearly communicate what I want on my sandwich at other subways just fine but the workers here appear to struggle with the English language.\n\nI do frequent other Subways and they are very efficient in building sandwiches.  This one, not so much.  The management here really needs to train their workers better.	0
The WORST nail salon experience since moving to Henderson in October! Here's why:\n\nMy young daughter and I came in as walk-ins about 6:30pm and were promptly told that they close up at 7pm. When I asked if they would have time for two full mani/pedis, they said YES. We picked out polish and were seen fairly quickly.\n\nAnyone who has had their nails done anywhere is used to the fact that the salon workers will occasionally speak their native language (Vietnamese here). What I did not like about this place right off the bat was that the salon workers carried on loud, lengthy conversations in Vietnamese without any regard for their clients. It was obvious that they were talking a lot of shit about their clients in the salon. It was an uncomfortable, unpleasant experience. I was raised bilingual, and was always taught that speaking a foreign language in front of people who can not understand it was RUDE. Plain & simple. \n\nMy young daughter picked out some trendy polish for her nails & toes. She was on the verge of tears when she left the salon because the nail tech was rough with her and told her that she didn't like her color choices and that they were ugly. WTF?! Who tells a kid that??? Last time I checked, the client picks whatever they like. Way to treat a future client! I was really upset that my daughter was treated this way. \n\nMy manicure tech was rough and caused two of my fingers to bleed. My gel french manicure was ok, but it had a couple noticeable mistakes in the tip polish. Attributed to pure laziness and rushing to close up and go home. My pedicure was the only thing that looked decent, however, rather than being allowed drying time inside the salon, we were rushed to pay and rushed out. My toes were not dry when I left the salon. Honestly, NOT worth the money I paid.\n\nI will not be back to this salon and I will be letting all of my friends, family and co-workers know why. Pure shit. I will be making the drive to North Vegas to my favorite salon. It's worth it and I should have never left for something closer.	0
My boyfriend and I were staying at a hotel about 5 minutes away from La Banquise. Everytime we walked past - day or night - a long line of people would be snaking it's way from the door and spilling out onto the street. An investigation was in order. We got in line and took the time to look around and find out what we could about the place. The answer? Poutine, poutine, poutine. When we were finally seated, a menu with an impossibly long list of poutine variations was set before us. We ordered the classic and pizza poutines along with some local beer. The food arrived quickly and our poutine fest began. Fries drenched in gravy and topped with melting cheese curds... yum. The pizza poutine (classic poutine + green pepper + mushrooms + pepperoni) was good although I think I liked the classic better. There is already a lot going on with poutine, adding to it is unnecessary if you ask me. All in all I really enjoyed our meal.	1
I have been to so many frozen yogurt joints and nothing yet has beat razzy fresh - not even Pink Berry. first of all, pink berry is boring because it only has 5 flavor at the most and they're always these cliche chocolate PMSing flavors.  Likewise with other frozen yogurt places - particularly Kiwi.  Razzy fresh has a good balance, half dessert/candy flavors, and half fruity.  I love their fruit flavors.   They have honeydew, lychee, guava, plum, YUM!   Everytime I go back to Pittsburgh I always go back to Razzy.  I live in Philadelphia now and nothing compares.	1
Extremely dirty. Could have sworn I saw cockroaches running around. Smelled like sewer. However staff was really friendly.	0
I dig the Ip!!! I've been comin' here since I was a wee lad and they have never done me wrong. Sure it's not as flashy or new as the other hotels on the strip but damnnit it's right next door. The people treat you well, the roulette table didn't let me down and I didn't get ripped off on the room rate! So much Passion for this place....\n\nI just got back today and I have memories man. Roller con weekend with a bunch of crazy girls...drunkenness....500 bucks won on an amazing heater at the roulette table...It's all there you just gotta look on the bright side of things and the Ip is shinin'!!!\n\nThanks Ms. Martin!!!	1
I think the hype is what killed it for me.  Having seen Nora's on TV and reading all the positive reviews, I expected the best Italian food in town.  Especially since \""this is where all the chefs go to eat\"", as per the Food Network.\n\nWe wanted to order the pasta puttanesca but the bartender insisted we order the house special pork chops.  So it was fried calamari, some kinda fried risotto balls with saffron, and the aforementioned pork chops.\n\nThe calamari was typically mediocre, the same kind you'd get at Cheesecake Factory and the like.  The risotto balls were decent, though there wasn't much cheese or saffron in it.  We felt like tools for listening to the bartender about the pork chops though.  It reminded me of Kitchen Confidential where the chefs try to push out the last of old meats on the customers.  At least the garlic bread was good, but they charge you for any additional baskets beyond the first.\n\nThis place just seems like an overpriced Olive Garden, minus the unlimited salads and breadsticks.	0
So excited about finally getting me some Wendy Noodles Cafe. SInce I only keep hearing rave reviews from all the yelpers been blessed enough too have meet in life. Always fan of asian food and just fan of small free standing family own spots around town. Wendy Noodles Cafe has that vibe but also some of the food there putting out real creative and tasty. Since I was only my first visit BUT far from my last never really got into the interesting stuff. \n\nThe things I did try was the mango and shrimp salad, rib-eye Bao Burger, and order of kalbi. The mango salad was awesome! Refreshing BIG time with the mixed organic greens with nice spicy dressing, ample amount of fresh mango in the salad and the shrimp came on skewers two of them. I only wished they used the bigger size shrimp. Still it had really nice crust on the outside, taste the marinade or sauce on it (Really could have just ordered the shrimp on the skewer by itself), and nice size salad. It first course for me. Salad lot of food. Honestly feel Pan Asian mango and shrimp salad is better and really in league all its own........The rib-eye Bao Burgers more like sliders that just poop in your mouth. Two or three bites later want more more. Unfortunately only get three per order. The combination of the steamed bun and the rib-eye perfect on point! I love the flavor, and moist throughout every bite. The steam bun found memories of peking duck, steam bun, and oyster sauce. It not duck but for sure its next best thing combine with steam bun!!!!!!! Kalbi been craving so had too get order. The Kalbi was tapas style so don't expect full order just tease. It good tease. The flavor loved it. Just wished they had full order on the menu. It came with little kim chee. I really enjoyed the kim chee. It not too spicy spicy but just right. Just wished had more room too try more of the menu.\n\nThe menu is pretty large or felt like good size for small restaurant. I felt was  different they offer full page of tapa style food (hence where ordered the kalbi; most part all the items are under $10). Given it was my first check in another thing notice they add lot of new items throughout the menu from the new item logo. The desserts they offer shave ice. Yet another reason count on return visit. Really little of everything on the menu. \n\nService was great! They never rushed me came too my order. Never had empty glass. My last course the kalbi. I liked the fact they gave me heads up that one of the dishes that expect 10-15 mins. Kalbi it well worth the wait. \n\nWendy Noodles Cafe see you very soon my friend! So much more too try!!!	1
The area seemed a little sketchy at night, but the Columbia Outlet (the only one we shopped at) was awesome with awesome prices. What more can I say other than I wished there were one in San Diego!	1
This shelter is fantastic and has generally very good, friendly people on staff.  The cats and dogs appear to be treated at least as well as one might expect.\n\nWhen I adopted one of my cats at this establishment, I had to return the next day to have her spayed.  They did it for free, which was great, but the reason they don't get five stars is that the desk clerk completely forgot about my cat and me, and she left us waiting as she chatted on her cell phone with a friend: she only remembered about us as she was walking out for a smoke and saw us sitting in the lobby.	1
Great little place next to stingray inside biltmore fashion square. I love my juices so I hit up this place whenever I have meetings in the central area. \n\nI've had the cyclist, digest and a few of their cold pressed. Last time I went in, they accidentally made a 24 oz instead of a 16 oz and hooked me up with a smile. Thanks guys! \n\nCheck out the little sample tub they usually have that includes their cold press juices.  You can pour yourself a shot of whatever one you want to try.  \n\nIt's a must try for the juice lover in the area.	1
I am scared of this place. Too many loud noises and bright lights. I feel like I'm on mushrooms when I'm in here. A bad batch of mushrooms.\nThis is an all-slots casino with no hotel attached. This means that you cannot enter, under any circumstances, if you are under 21. Not even to order food from the filthy deep-fried counter that serves up fried oreos (hell yes), fried twinkies, and a billion different kinds of hot dogs. \nThe oreos are cheap and dipped/fried fresh, so it's worth it to stand in a line 20-deep with a sticky floor to get to them. But actually hanging out here and gambling? No way.	0
Connie and the rest of the staff were amazing! We didn't know exactly what we were looking for, but she walked us through all of our options, and the plaque came out looking fantastic. The price was great, the staff was very knowledgeable, and they really went the extra mile for us. When Connie found out this was a surprise gift, she even made sure to call my cell phone before emailing me any questions or proofs, just in case I wasn't the only one at my computer. I would recommend Tempe Trophy to everyone!	1
Good cocktail menu with a mix of seasonal classics and some new concoctions made up by the staff. Has a nice casual feel for such high-quality stuff. Interior is well designed in the popular old-timey hipster industrial style.  Staff seemed knowledgeable, though I think I out-drink-nerded our bartender at one point - she did not seem to know what a Martinez was when I referenced it - which says more about me than it does her probably. Recommended.	1
A very well-managed apartment complex. The apartments themselves are very nice (get a second story apartment with vaulted ceilings, if you can). The office staff are very courteous and professional. \n\nMy only complaint is that parking is limited to one spot per unit (without the option to rent additional spaces), and there is very little conveniently located \""open\"" parking, which can make things a little difficult when guests come over.\n\nOn balance, it's a great place to live!	1
Best Bananas around. Big ,delicious frozen bananas fresh dipped and rolled in nuts! Found at fairs, craft marts and festivals.  \n\nPrices are reasonable and they are fresh dipped in front of you. High Quality chocolate makes this my favorite!	1
I've never really enjoyed buffets, but my wife wanted to come here for her birthday. I never really felt like I could get a good meal at a buffet but I was wrong. \n\nThe sushi was really good. They had at least 10 different rolls and not just the basic rolls but stuff like Rainbow rolls and the likes. Tried them all and they were all very good. They had one sushi chief just throwing out rolls cause the sushi was going fast. They also had tempura which included lots of vegetables plus shrimp. \n\nThey had a meat bar with prime rib, Chinese BBQ ribs, & sausage. The ribs are really good. Nice and sweet. You have to try these ribs.The sausage is ok and didn't try the prime rib but looked good. Lots of good Chinese food with lots of seafood in it and I enjoyed it. There was also a cold bar with salads and fresh fruit. Lastly, they have a pretty good desert bar where they have a server scoop out the ice cream. \n\nSo overall, they have lots of selections of different kinds of food but most important it's all fresh. You could tell that none of the dishes have been sitting out there for a long time. Very fresh and hot. \n\nService was good. Picking up our dirty dishes and filling up our water glasses in a timely manner. All I can say is that the food is really good, lots of variety to satisfy everybody, but the best part is that if you Check-in you get a 20% off your bill. \n\nEnjoy and have a really good meal.	1
After living in central Phoenix for almost 30 years I just moved 2 weeks ago to Paradise Valley. After hearing so many positive comments I decided to check it out with a friend. \n\nTheir website is impressive, it's in a high-end shopping area, and it appears they advertise as being the ultimate luxury movie experience. AND their website said they were showing one of my favorite classic comedies \""The Philadelphia Story\""! I was very excited.\n\nI paid $48 for 2 tickets since the Premium Plus Seating looked incredible.\n\nWalking in the theater is very impressive with the conceige desk-style ticketing and the bar and restaurant on either side. Very nice. I had purchased our tickets online and since both people at the counter were with other customers I went to the electronic kiosk and swiped my credit card. Here's where the problems began that I will bulletpoint out below. Plus I will contrast and compare my IPic experience with my history at AMC Esplanade, supposedly IPic's poor cousin.\n\n1) Visual experience entering the theater and \""fancy level\""....ADVANTAGE: IPIC\n\n2) Cost of highest level of seating...$24 per person at iPic, $16.56 at AMC. ADVANTAGE: AMC  \n\n2) The kiosk read that my tickets were printed but no tickets were printed. I waited at the counter and it took the young lady a few minutes to undertand what I was telling her had happened. She finally found our tickets and while handing them to me said \""That kiosk is broken. I need to put a sign on it.\""  (I have never experienced a broken kiosk in the dozens of times I have visited AMC Esplanade. Getting your tickets purchased online from the ticket desk takes seconds.) ADVANTAGE: AMC  \n\n3) We get to our $48 movie theater seats and discover the chairs are not that wide and they do not recline very far because the row in front of you is very close. I am 6'1\"" and I was unable to recline my cloth-covered seat very far as my feet would have been on top of the guy's head sitting in front of me. (The Cinema Suits seats at AMC Explanade have a wide aisle in front and behind each row and the people in front and behind you are a complete level above and behind you. The AMC chairs are fake leather, wider than IPic, and recline almost complete flat.) ADVANTAGE: AMC  \n\n4) During our film, the music and sound effects of the movie in the theater on one side of ours was booming and thumping on and off repeatedly during our film. It was extremely distracting. (I have noticed the same thing at AMC Esplanade but not to that extreme level). ADVANTAGE: AMC  \n\n5) I went to the Men's room during the film. Nice restroom like in a fancier restaurant. The stall had a cool frosted glass door. Unfortuately, there was a huge wad of used TP next to the toilet and the paper seat covers had all been pulled out and halfway shoved back in. When I went to the restroom at the end of the film the stall was in the same condition. Also, for what is supposed to be a north Scottsdale upscale movie theater experience, why can't iPic give its customers better than the gauze-like half a ply TP they use? (The iPic restroom was much fancier than AMC Esplanade's but AMC keeps their restrooms much cleaner on a continual basis). ADVANTAGE: AMC\n\n6) Our popcorn was served in tiny paper sacks. It had no taste like it was air popped. Tasteless popcorn in a small paper bag. Wow....how upscale. (AMC Esplanade has great popcorn that they serve in large bowls). ADVANTAGE: AMC\n\n7) I asked for a Coke Zero and was told they only carried Coke and Diet Coke. You don't carry one of the best selling sodas in the world? My Diet Coke came in a cheap plastic takeout cup. (AMC Esplanade has Coke Zero and serves it in a real glass). ADVANTAGE: AMC\n\n8) When our movie ended the DVD menu for the film immediately popped up. We commented on how it seemed a little strange and laughed about wondering if they had secured the rights for a public viewing of the DVD. It felt a little weird.\n\n9) Theater location for iPic is in the swanky and beautiful Scottsdale Quarter. (AMC Esplanade is in the struggling Esplanade but across the street from the Biltmore Shopping Center. ADVANTAGE: iPic but only barely.\n\n10) iPic parking garage is about a block away. (AMC Esplanade has an elevator and stairs that take you just feet from the theater doors). If you're lazy ADVANTAGE: AMC\n\nThe overall parts of our iPic experience seemed extremely incongruous to the luxury moviegoing experience that iPic advertises. It was a hugely disappointing experience and felt like a complete waste of $48. I wish I had asked for my money back. I will never visit iPic again and will instead go back to AMC Esplanade in the future.	0
Had the pulled pork nachos and BBQ chicken lettuce wraps.  Food was good, but portions were extremely small for price.  Service was horrible.  Took 45 min to get bill at 4 in the afternoon.	0
Let me start by saying we are not big buffet fans, but on several visits to Vegas we have gone to buffets. So...\n\nCheck-in- WFT would I check in early, go gamble for 30 mins and then get a call to come to the front of the line only to spend another 30 mins waiting for a seat???\n\nService- yep it is a buffet., so no service right?? But no plates ?? Seriously??\n\nFood- actually the food was decent, good selection and good quality.\n\nCost- stupid, as a total rewards platinum member I still have to pay $30 upgrade? What??? This after $99 credit? Give me a break.\n\nHuge fan of Caesars, but not this place.	0
Stopped in for a bite while out running errands. We were confused because the guy inside was already putting chairs up on the tables and it was only 7ish (they close at 10). There were only two people ahead of us and it was taking forever! I was literally a second from walking out when Eric finally decided to help us. I got the 6\"" sweet onion chicken teriyaki on Italian bread with Swiss cheese. I didn't feel like toasted bread, so he just heated up the chicken for me. These guys were so slow making sandwiches... After paying and getting our drinks, we sat down at one of the high top tables, since all the other chairs were up. Right when we started to eat, the two employees went outside to smoke, leaving the store completely unattended. We were amazed. The chicken in my sub was not the best quality and I had to spit out some inedible pieces. Also there was a static-y speaker playing Jingle Bell Rock cutting in and out. Very annoying. We were finished eating by the time the two employees came back in from their smoke break. So irresponsible. Then they proceeded to empty all three tea dispensers like they were getting ready to close up shop. It was only 7:30! I bet they were planning to close the store early. These guys ought to be fired.	0
All the food is good. Sushi is fresh. Large variety of food. \n\nDessert: Chocolate fountain, variety of ice cream (including green tea), green tea cheesecake, crepes (made to order), assorted fruit, flan, and mango cake!	1
I had a pleasant experience.  They were quick to find me a stylist (as I had no appointment) and the stylist took her time with my hair. I could not expect more; especially with a $5 price tag!!!	1
Groupon brought us here with $8 to spend last night.  I got the Chocolate malted crunch ice cream sandwiched by homemade chocolate chip pecan cookies!   Yum yum.  Earl isn't much of a dessert person but he could not stop raving about his ice cream sandwich, which was the pistachio ice cream with the chocolate brownie.  Those were $3 each so we had another $2 to spend.  We spent it on 3 cookies and devour those cookies tonight after dinner and they were still chewy and delicious.\n\nWe will be coming back to Sweet Addiction when we are in the Spring Valley area!	1
This place is great. I like the laid back atmosphere and the fact that the offer groupons and deals frequently. The food has always been good, the drinks are gigantic (which is great because I like a lot to drink with my meals), and the service is always pleasant and consistent. My only complaint is that sometimes it's way too loud and I can barely have a conversation with my boyfriend across the table. The place is family friendly so there's always a lot of kids screaming/crying/dropping things and the TVs when football is on are sometimes loud.	1
Great coffee, vibe, and food. \n\nTERRIBLE parking, take the light rail if you can!	1
F- for this establishment. I didn't even want to put a star, but system wouldn't allow me to post without one. Antiquated dryers that don't dry your clothes. Dryers are possessed,  they need an exorcism. They turn on and off by themselves. The owner of the place, the guy with the dogs,  said to me that the dryers are a different model. Stinking liar, there isn't a dryer in the world that does that! I'll be straight up with you folks,  save your quarters and go elsewhere,  because I am never going back there again. I will call the Better Business Bureau in the morning to report theft because they're stealing from their customers on dryers that are older than dirt and do not work properly.  Joanne Davie	0
Love the convenience of the redbox and inexpensive products! Staff is always helpful when i go in....	1
Um... left speechless. I'll head back to Montreal for the sole purpose of returning here. I can't really write much else.	1
Went to this club with a bunch of my girlfriends for my besties 30th bday.... Not sure if this review is accurate since we were 8 hot girls LoL... we had no problem getting in, no lines & were treated great.  \n\nVery friendly staff, beautiful bartenders and VIP hostesses... loved the ambience of the club as well.  Very fun environment.  I had no negatives about this club... nice mixed crowd as well & the music was perfect! They mixed hip hop with techno so everyone was happy.\n\nI will definitely come back to this club... thanks for the hospitality. xoxo	1
You know a place is awesome if the salad dressing is served in a gravy boat! With delicious food and extraordinary service, this Grand Lux at the Venetian is also open 24 hours! Note: the one at the Palazzo does close around 2/3 am..(and why do the connected casinos need 2 Grand Lux's on each end again?)\n\nIf a breakfast buffet is what you're craving, this Grand Lux lays out a hearty display of hot and cold breakfast items + beverage for a reasonable $16.50 (served until 11 weekdays, 12:30 weekends) \n\nThough we were here during brunch hours and both the bf and I love breakfast foods, we wanted a filling lunch. I had the Pasta Carbonara lunch combo, and opted for the fresh organic side salad with ranch dressing IN A GRAVY BOAT! I've always been hesitant ordering Pasta Carbonara, afraid the overall taste of the dish will come out too sweet, but Grand Lux did their Pasta Carbonara right! It was so savory.. but not overly salty, and a hint of sweet from the bacon. I was in love with this ginormous entree!\n\nI've always heard the Grand Lux described as an upgraded Cheesecake Factory, so I was expecting higher prices. Surprisingly, the sister restaurant chains have comparable, if not identical, pricing schemes.\n\nService here was top-notch! I don't remember our waitress' name, but she made us feel so comfortable. She came like every 5 minutes, but was the complete opposite from intrusive. She also kept apologizing for the wait (what wait? we didn't even notice that the food was taking longer than usual), and letting us know our food would be out soon. The manager even came to our table on a separate occasion, and apologized more for our food delay. \n\nThere are so many great dining options along the Strip, with Grand Lux being one of them. Though realistically, I will not be eating here every time I visit Vegas, this is now one of spots on the top of my list!	1
With better on-site management this could be a 4-5 star business. Front end is a joke and poorly managed. Usually 3-5 employees engaged in group chat without a sense of customer service while one guy is doing all the work.\nWait times to be greeted and vacuumed are needlessly too long.\nBack end can be hit or miss but is usually pretty good. Would be better with QC from a manager before vehicles leave.\nBetter utilization of labor that is more oriented to the customer would instantly help this business.\nCustomers who are waiting do not like to see employees standing around chatting, goofing off or wandering aimlessly.	0
Due to a friends recommendation I decided to go back and try jasons deli again. Unfortunately, after I took first bite of my wraps the one with hummus my stomach started bubbling. I thought maybe it was just  because I was hungry. Unfortunately, after I ate my wrap (smothered in olives) eww!  I realized I had food poisoning. I haven't ever been so sick from food before in my life. I don't know what could have caused this but take precaution before eating there. :'(	0
I would say that I prefer the Mesa location simply because it tends to be quieter but this one is within walking distance for me so it's often the one I go to.  Plus I like sitting out out by the lake when the temperature finally becomes reasonable.\n\nI was reading the previous reviews and a lot of people have had problems with the service but I've never had anything but wonderful service here.  I've eaten here during busy and slow times and the service has always been pretty consistant.  The food is excellent and, I think, appropriately priced.  I love going to a restaurant where a good chunk of the food is vegetarian because that is so rare.   I especially love their Gazpacho, Roasted Red Pepper Hummus and Spinach Cheese Lavosh thing on their app menu.  I do eat fish occasionally so my only sadness is that they stopped carrying the Tuna Melt Pizza which was to die for.  Maybe they'll bring it back someday.......can you hear me Pita Jungle?	1
I only reccommend going here after midnight because the wings are 25 cents each! \n\nYou cannot go wrong with that, but expect to wait at least 30 minutes. Yeah, it sounds like a long time, but if you're drunk enough and you can send someone to put your name on the list, it is definitely worth it.	1
This place is absolutely amazing. I was at an art show across the street, starving, late on a Saturday night and I knew I didn't want to deal with the hustle and bustle of old town eateries, I was so glad to stumble upon this amazing hidden jewel. \nMy boyfriend and I happen to be the only two in the place so our service was of course outstanding. The food was great, we split the crab puffs, which were nothing special but still good. I had the beef fried rice, just the presentation was impressive in itself the so to no surprise the taste was equally well over par. My boyfriend had a chicken curry dish he still raved about days later. \nThe only thing that might have made our experience less than perfect is that I ordered a pear saketini and the glass came only half full, strange, and the music was less then appealing, if I heard another instrumental version of the song from Titanic one more time during or meal I was going to scream, literally it played four times while we we there, which was only about an hour and a half. \nOver all well worth the price we got out of there just under $45 including drinks.	1
Nice try on the multiple listing to prevent poor reviews.  Instead, try simply offering better customer service and making sure that customers are truly satisfied with how you perform your service.\n\nHere's a link to another review for the same exact location: \nhttp://www.yelp.com/biz/francis-and-sons-carwash-chandler#hrid:1pFQBCxiqWU8-gYRsbzkXQ\n\nHonestly, poor behavior gentlemen.	0
Let me start off by saying, I usually cut my own hair. My tastes are simple and easy to accomplish on my own. That being said, I decided to step out of my comfort zone a little and have someone else do my hair. I had heard from a few friends at the gym that this place is the absolute best place to get your hair cut, if you want a little style in your life. I decided to give it a go, and let me tell you, I am not impressed.\nWhen I first arrived, I had to wait almost an hour before I was even acknowledged, then another 30 minutes before I was actually seated to do the deed. I don't know the guy's name who cut my hair but I know for a fact that it was not Elliot. The guy i guess just did not pay attention because all I asked was for about 3 inches off and to make it look a little messy. I guess that was too hard, because I wound up with a disaster.\nAt the shop it looked fine in the mirror. When I got home though, my bros were a little concerned because my hair looked lopsided. Sure enough, I go check the three wall mirror I have, and it WAS LOPSIDED. Not only was the thickness on the left about twice what was on the right, but the right was about an inch shorter. I was so embarrassed.\nI guess in the long run it turned out okay because I wound up cutting all my hair off which is a new look for me, and i like it. The downside is that i am out 75 bucks, and I had to cut my hair myself. Not cool.	0
Been here dozens of times, mainly for their pizza. \n\nPIzza: Cheese was on the mild side with some bite, sauce slightly sweet, dough/crust nicely balanced flavor and texture. NY style, got that chewiness and droopiness, made to fold, then consume. Pepperoni, Mushroom, Sausage.. Toppings are typical and plentiful any size. One of the better pizzas I've had here in Vegas.\n\nSpaghetti: I've ordered it with marinara and sausage / meat sauce and meatballs. Both combinations were Delicious and had that Comforting good ol' spaghetti flavor. Came with bread (garlic would be nice). One order could feed 2.\n\nDelivery was always on time and prices fair. One of my 'go to' pizza joints	1
The food here is mediocre, but it is pretty cheap. \n\nI've gone here about three times and from what I can remember I've had pad thai, tom yum soup, chow mein, a chicken dish, a duck dish, and a beef dish. All of the dishes were satisfactory, nothing more. \n\nThe staff isn't very friendly. I have never being greeted here, or given a nice goodbye. \n\nIt's a nice place to go if you want a lot of food for a low price and aren't too concerned about service.\n\n*You can also view the comment that was left on this review to get a further understanding of the people that work there:\n\n-Only I would know how many times I've gone to this restaurant, so for this person to say, \"" I'm sure you've been here more, you just forgot a few other times we were together,\"" is just a little absurd. And after asking my boyfriend, it turns out I've only gone here TWO times.   \n\n-\""You'll probably have to get use to having great tasting Thai and Chinese food.\"" Excuse me? I'll probably have to GET USE TO having this stuff? As if I haven't gone to other Thai and Chinese restaurants before. I didn't even mention the fact that it was Chinese and Thai in my review, so i don't see what that has to do with anything. \n\n-\""see for yourself. The Tourism Authority of Thailand delegates to the DEMA show dined with us three out of the four days they were here in Vegas.\"" Umm, is that suppose to mean something to me? Showing me some link isn't going to change my taste buds. \n\n\nI gave this restaurant two stars for a reason. The food is mediocre and the service is lacking, but that doesn't mean I hated it.  I've left far worse reviews at other places.	0
The worst place I have ever been. The service was horrible and the food was even worse. If u are someone who values customer service this isnt the place for you.	0
The only bad thing I can say is that Chicken Box is an 1.5 hour drive from my home.  But, it gives me a reason to come back to Charlotte.\n\n\nI have not had fried chicken this good in more years than I can remember.  The batter was light crunchy batter encapsulated the moist flavor chicken.  What an explosion of goodness with every bite.\n\nVery low key restaurant that allows their food to speak volumes.  \n\nI truly enjoyed my meal as did my wife and son.  This is now our goto chicken place every time we are in or near Charlotte!!!!\n\nA definite family and friend recommendation as well as a repeater!!!!\n\nIf you are in Charlotte, even passing through along I85, you need to swing in.	1
This place definitely has an awesome ambiance...very trendy chic. In respect to the food, there was definitely something left to be desired there. I love how a place claims to be tapas...but it is just smaller portions of a regular dish. That is not tapas! True tapas is small portions yes but incredibly tasty and delectable...something that packs a punch! The food here was okay...we tried the risotto, fish, pasta, and the cheese platter (pretty awful), just to mention a few. For me personally, not worth the price. I have had better and cheaper tapas in NYC.	0
I really enjoyed this Thai place and will be coming back when I'm in town.  The bartender Mercy and one of her assistants, Andrew, were so very friendly.  They made me feel very welcome.  When they asked how I was liking my food, you could tell that they really had an interest in me being pleased.  I like that kind of invested interest.\n\nI shared my meal with some friends so I had three entree's.  \n- The Pad Thai was a nice rice dish with a complex dash of sweet and sour.  I ordered it about a 3 star.  I could have gone to a 5, I'm sure.  I was a newbie.  If you like hot, start with a 4 and go from there.\n- The short rib stir fried rice was good, but I wouldn't go there for that.  It was my least favorite of the three meals, though, I enjoyed it.\n- My favorite was the Three Color Curry.  That was wicked good.  It was a very flavorful soupy curry dish that you will need to mix your rice with (stir fried or white).\n\nThe unsung part of the meal was the pickled jalapeno's.  Apparently the pickling process makes the peppers sweet and the juice just blended well with all three of the meals that I added it to.\n\nI'm a fan... I'll go back.	1
I was visiting Montreal over the weekend and was told that I needed to try this place. It was a great recommendation and I fully agree with that advice. If you're going to Montreal you should definitely make time to eat at Schwartz's.\n\nI will warn you that the line was very long, however, it was worth the wait!\n\nNo need to look at the menu here you NEED to get the Smoked Meat. Their special is the smoked meat sandwich, fries and a cherry cola. I switched the cola to normal coke with my order and was in heaven.\n\nGiving Schwartz's a 5 star rating is a no brainer. This place is awesome!	1
Purchased hummer 1yr ago at carmax. Excellent service but my problem is with Maxcare extended warranty they sell. Purchased the best they had. GM dealer had to go back and fourth with them to fix the issue. Then they send someone from Maxcare to inspect  vehicle issues which is another two days. Inspector denied covered item and I was only told axel was not leaking and it was only seapage and 4x4 switch issue denied as well. GM didn't understand why I was denied.  Few days later I get notice that they will not cover my h2 hummer any more because I put on different set of wheels on it or at least cover anything that they believe issues relates due to wheels. There the same size rim and tire as stock.  That's the real reason they denied those items. The sale person told me I can modify hummer and Maxcare would still cover and was giving nothing saying that I would not be covered if hummer modified. Immediately canceled Maxcare.  Maxcare was a big part of the reason why I would send friends to Carmax. Not anymore, sorry carmax.	0
For many years Dillard's was my favorite store. However I have noticed a decided lack of initiative these last few months. Dresses that were identical except for the color were priced differently. Trying to return a dress ( for the first time ever) when I saw it had gone on sale during the last 10 days I was told they didn't have time to change the tag right now and it would have to be put in the back. I was also told Dillard's won't honor the current sales price because they \""don't play games.\""There were 3 saleswomen and me in the whole department yet not one of them could mark the dress down?! If they don't play games why not price the identical dresses with identical price tags to start with? Another clerk in a different department explained they keep the item in the back for 72 hours before putting it out again. Presumably this is meant to discourage smart shoppers. Since then I have sent two emails and not recieved a reply. There are too many stores where pricing is lower, policies more friendly and staff less haughty for these kinds of tactics. I will be speaking with my wallet and taking my business elsewhere	0
I have to say as far as chain restaurants go I've been pretty happy w Chili's.  I go for lunch at least once a week and have never had a problem with bad service.  \n\nI also LOVE that they don't allow children in the bar area, and don't allow smoking either.\n\nThe menu is typical American fare and the prices are decent.\n\nAll in all, can't complain.	1
The patio is great for peolple watching and the beer is cold.  I see some here who didn't like the food, but it never crossed my mind to ever eat there.  Just drink and have a good time	1
I spent $34.00 for pick up..two lunches. I paid extra for a dinner size of rice & beans. What I got were portions for an infant. This is not the first time, but is the last. The food is not bad but was cold..like really cold. No plates, forks or napkins and every thing is wrapped in tin so I couldn't microwave. Plate would help. Im not going here anymore. Very $$$$$	0
Jeremy is the man!  He's taken care of me multiple times and always delivers the best tables and service.  I highly recommend him to all friends and colleagues.	1
The best Thai food I had in long time.  I started with Sa-Tay of chicken.  Very good pickle vegetables and a delicious peanut sauce.  I enjoy it immensely.  My girlfriend had the Tom Yum Kai.  She really enjoyed the soup.  I was lucky and got to try it before she ate it up.  I agree, the soup was great.\nI had the drunken seafood noodles with spice level of 7.  It was spicy but satisfying.  The food was delicious and the spicy sauce was incredible.  We came pretty late but service was still very good.  Definitely, will be back again.	1
What a dreadul experience.  I had reserved and prepaid via Hotwire but all these folks do is PUSH PUSH PUSH for extras and more money.  I could hear it all around me. My agent took the cake (think her name was Angela).  I was in Phoenix for a little over a day, and was running late (good old USAirways, landed early but the gate was not free and we were stuck on the runway for almost an hour) for a tight business deadline.\n\nWould I like an upgrade - \""we have a really nice BMW for you\"" - how much is that? An extra $99 per day on top of what I had paid - no thanks.  Well I can get you something more comfortable, or fun like a Jeep Wrangler.  NO thanks, I just want what I paid for.  How about an SUV - No thanks.  I just want the car I reserved (mid-size).  Well sorry - it will be a long wait - the ONLY car available (I was in a hurry) was the darned Wrangler (noisy POS that I totally did NOT want but she was determined to put me in) and then talked me into insurance before she would let me go - with taxes etc $85 for 28 hours.  Never again - I guess I'll book directly with Avis next time in Phoenix.  I never want to use Budget there again.  Thanks Angela	0
we have been to red velvet cafe many times...here are the pros and cons:\n\nPros:  \n- Great desserts (mini vegan cakes) at under 250 calories.  \n- Great guacamole and outstanding hummus (not on menu anymore but you can still get it).  It costs more here than the same order at the Fashion Mall location, I believe.\n- Never very crowded\n\nCons:\n- Pricey!  (esp. the cookies!)\n- Don't stay open past 8 pm\n- Some of the worst wait staff I've had - it is consistently bad - have had a couple of different guys and girls - both equally pathetic.  You will need to flag them down for a refill of tea.  Went there last night and waited 15 min before the guy came and took my order.  \n- Again, Pricey for what you get!  Our tab was more than $86 for dinner /tea/desserts(I had a wrap and tea and dessert) - we did not have any appetizers.  Imagine if we would have had good service, the bill would have been higher due to higher tip!  LOL!\n- Not many table tops that will hold 4+ people -- I think maybe 6-7 total.\n\nWe made our mind up last night, after the consistent bad service and high tab for an average meal that we won't go back there again except for desserts and that will be \""to go\""...\n\nThe owner/chef is there a lot - I don't know why she doesn't notice that her wait-staff is horrible and killing her business.  She also needs to lower her prices by 10-15%...She should read these reviews or at least have a suggestion box at her register...	0
I came here to get stronger due to being rear ended in a car accident.  I was having issues with back pain, but I wanted to strengthen as well as feel good.  You go through an initial how to work the machines and how to adjust for your sensitive areas first, before you can even sign up for classes.  A little intimidating at first, but most helpful.  You'll want to go through a few classes to find your right instructor(s) that best fit your needs and push you in the right way.  For any of them, don't be afraid to ask for help to make sure you feel it or if it's uncomfortable.  My favorites are Ashly and Erin.  I also really like the stretch classes on Wednesday.  Pricing is very reasonable and the booking site also has a mobile app, very convenient if you need to make changes or add classes while you are thinking about it.	1
I usually buy coffee, not lattes or any other flavored drinks. I'm not a fan of coffeehouses that brew individual cups of regular coffee because it takes too long I experienced the same thing at Intelligentsia in Old Town Pasadena when I lived there. Just brew an urn or two and be done with it. It would save you time to make the specialty drinks.  Another thing that I find cheesy is that they use powdered creamer talk about poison use real milk products not coffee mate creamers. Nice homey atmosphere but too small. I probably won't be back.	0
Worst experience ever at a Big O Tires shop. I had an appointment for 2:00 pm and they didn't even get my car on the lifts until almost 3. After the car was finally lifted it took the technician 30 minutes just to drain the oil and add new oil to the vehicle. My tires weren't even rotated even though the paperwork claims they were. After my car was finally done it took them another 15-20 minutes to tell me my car was done!! I will never return to this location again!	0
I've been going to this tanning salon for over a year.. the service is great and there's never a long wait time. Even after having a membership here for so long, I'm still wowed by the customer service every time I go in.. Especially from Jill. She always remembers my name and takes time to make sure I understand all the different beds and packages they offer.	1
Just an update, I still have two horrible months to go before I can get the hell outta this damn place! Have had multiple issues since and must say the only resolved one is my damn a.c. now that its cool! Calling is still useless, yet walking into the office your met with fake high pitched happiness or cold I dont give a fuck ignorance. Maintenance orders I put through weeks ago are yet to be completed, \""waiting on parts\"". \nGetting an explanation of any charges will result in Maya printing out an invoice for YOU to figure out what you've been charged! I mean wtf kinda place is this?!? If the rent wasn't in the damn 900-1000 I wouldn't be so pissed but its absolutely criminal that they can advertise what they do and call themselves luxury apartments! Can't wait till damn January!!!!!	0
This place is awesome. What I think an old fashioned supper club would be like.  Huge bar and lots of seating.  The cheese curds are delicious and the fish fry is a must order! Good parking too.	1
\""To Each His Own\""\n\nKickBUTT Garlic Bread: 4 out of 5.\n\nCriss-Cut Fries: 5 out of 5. (Not on the Menu)\n\nItalian Flag Lasagna: 5 out of 5.\n\nBig 'Ol Ravioli: 1 out of 5.\n\nThin Crust Pizza (Pepperoni, Mushrooms, Bacon, Sausage): 3 out of 5.	1
I wish I could give zero stars! I should have known better to come back after I was misquoted the price for fluff and fold my first visit here, but I was in a pinch.  I dropped off a large amount of clothing, some wash and some dry cleaning.  I told them when I needed it by, and they said no problem.  They called me later to let me know a lot of the pieces were dry cleaning and they might need longer - I told them I left it with them because I needed it at a certain time and if they couldn't do the job by then I would come by and pick it up.  They said they would have it ready.\n\n$317 later, I have my laundry.  85% of what I dropped off was laundry, but they were so lazy that they dry cleaned 85% of it instead.  I have about 20 cotton, machine wash tank tops that they dry cleaned to the tune of almost $6 a piece!  Are you kidding?  LAZY and UNPROFESSIONAL.  When I got home and realized what had happened, I called to inquire.  The guy on the phone was so rude and accused me of being 'nasty,' said he did me a favor (?) and then hung up on me.\n\nI would absolutely never come back here.  I really can't believe the nerve they had to dry clean so many cotton, machine wash pieces, and then tell me they did me a favor while sticking their hand in my wallet.  LAZY LAZY LAZY.	0
If you want to try something here, try the short rib with peppers.  It is one of their best dish.  However, if you come here be prepared for shitty customer service.  \n\nIt took a while for us to get any service.  From ordering to asking for a box.  The waiter took his sweet time to take our orders even after us catching his attention.  Another employee came out to serve another table and saw I needed service but still didn't say anything to anyone else.  Why the hate?  I'm Asian too.  Aren't we suppose to stick together or something?\n\nI wouldn't recommend their drinks.  They mainly use powder and artificial BS.  I tried their red bean milkshake and it came out blasting an hour later.\n\nThe family that owns this place owns several restaurant around the area.  The other places seems like a joy except for when you come here and the life drains out of you.\n\nTry at your own risk.	0
the pizza!! yes! \n\njust, yes.	1
I have found it! The Blue Bear is officially now my favourite breakfast and brunch place in Edinburgh. There is stiff competition out there, but coming to the Blue Bear is an all-around fantastic experience.\n\nLet's start with the food. I love breakfast and, particularly, waffles and pancakes since I not only love the taste (including the great syrups, fruit or bacon you can add) but I also have fond memories of my Dad making waffles for us on weekend mornings. The Blue Bear is a fantastic locals' place and a family place that is buzzing with activity and diners eagerly awaiting their delicious meals or baked goods or coffees. I had the waffles with berry compote and my merry brunch companions had the full breakfast and eggs benedict. The full breakfast was absolutely huge, but it was perfectly done with delicious black pudding and sausage but also succulent, cooked tomatoes still on the vine. The eggs benedict looked great but was a bit overshadowed by the full breakfast calling my attention on the other side of me, and by my beautiful waffles that called 'eat me!' The waffles were gorgeous and I could go on and on about the berry compote! It was delicious and I have to say I worked hard to restrain myself from licking the plate clean.\n\nBesides the fabulous food, the Blue Bear has a great ambiance to it. The couple who owns the place are really sweet and extremely dedicated to the Blue Bear. They work hard to make sure every customer enjoys their experience and the food. I also loved how they work with local artists to display beautiful artwork that is for sale, as well as featuring some invaluable artwork by fellow Yelpers! This brings home the overall theme of the Blue Bear that, for me, it represents not only a fantastic new business with great food but it is also a locals' place that is community-oriented.	1
I enjoy Jack in the Box. Probably too much for my own good. However, I will not be stopping at this location again, which is unfortunate as its the only one along my commute. I put my order in via the self ordering machine (love them!) And the gentleman before me ordered pretty much the same thing I did and had his food in hand within about 4 minutes. However, I got the wildcard of some guy walking in and ordering the same thing as me (the tacos are quite popular). Because he was 'in a rush' he got MY tacos and I got to wait a total of 11 minutes to receive my order. In no business is this okay. I guess if I do come back it'll be when I am 'in a rush' so I, too, can steal someone else'a food. The order was right and the place was clean. That's what the second star is about. The fact that I had to finish the rest of my bus/walk commute smelling of tacos and potato wedges was not the business.	0
If it's not divey enough to be a real dive then everything that WOULD BE charming about a dive just becomes nasty or stupid or annoying.  Combine that with all the worst traits of a 'nite-club' style bar and we find Metro Sportz Bar.\n\nA place that has an appearance as decently presentable as this is simply not allowed to pull the crap of  \""CASH ONLY\"" and then point you to their privately owned and highly fee'd ATM against the wall.   And trying to be that cheap-ass while selling mAcrobrews at mAcro prices!\n\nSeemingly serious bouncer presence checking ID's and such, and yet when a tweaker walks in wearing pajamas and carrying a chihuahua, security dude's too lazy to get up from his stool and plate of fruit to do anything about it, but he did make sure to verbally complain about it to anyone in earshot, from the time puppyTweaker showed up until about 5 minutes after he was long gone. \n\nI think I'll end up back in here eventually, and then I'll know if another server crew might bring more of the friendly neighborhood divey feel this place wishes it had.\nIn the meantime I've got plenty of other places to play free chip-tourney poker.	0
So like I said, we come every time we are in town, we are familiar with the wonderful service and amazing pancakes... Wellllll, last time it was bad... The pancakes were still wet batter in the middle, the eggs were cooked to death, the yolks were crumbly, not runny at all (of course I ordered them runny), the hash browns were raw/starchy tasting, only the bacon was good... well the hubby ate like a hungry man and pointed it out to me after he was nearly done with everything but the wet batter and I hadn't even been able to take a bite of my breakfast yet... so the waitress was nice, but the manager was far less than impressive. OK, when half the food got eaten, there isn't much he can do, but seeing himself that the pancakes were still batter, he could have helped the bill a little... I don't feel as though I should ask, that isn't the position I should have to be in, but no, he didn't do anything to correct it, except offer to double feed my hubby, which isn't a solution... I can't decide if we will come back, we will just have to see, but if we do and the food is this bad ever again, we sure won't be back ever...	0
I love the Phoenix Public Market Cafe. I come to this place three to four times a week during my lunch break from work, and always feel refreshed after a visit. My favorite menu items, being a vegetarian, are The Devil's Mess, which I sub chunky avocado for the chorizo, the lentil soup, and grilled cheese. The service staff at the bar (where I normally dine) are always super friendly and let me chat them up when I'm visiting solo. Michael, Jax, and Marcos are my personal faves. If you go, also be sure to grab one of the pomegranate bottled sodas...it's awesome.	1
This great breakfast spot is now open on Mondays too!\n\nYUM!!!!	1
The GVR has clean rooms but can use some dusting as with many other parts of the hotel and casino. Definitely need to change their pool hours! Its summer and pools should at least be open till 10:30pm for god sakes it is hot out! Had dinner at the grand cafe.......its basically a Denny's potato was not cook and steak was over done beef jerky. Lucky they did have a fat burger in there that was awesome. The employees canuse a good six months of intense customer service. The casino I would not waste a dime here payouts are scarce.	0
I'm confused as to why this place has such a high rating.  What I ordered was the most tasteless burrito I have ever eaten in my life.  Not to mention the salsa was pretty bland as well.  The wait staff was awesome though! They smiled and they were really helpful. Part of the reason why I didn't complain about the food while at the restaurant.	0
Used a Groupon which was misleading.  We were told pay 30 for 60 worth of food which included all you can drink mimosas and bloody Marys for two.  Turns out that the unlimited drinks was 20 per perso, leaving only 10 worth of food per person. We wouldn't have ordered as much food if we knew that.  Took us about 15 minutes to get a high chair after asking 3 people.  For unlimited drinks they were very slow and watered down. Not worth 20 each. The food was good but service wasn't great. Also the wifi didn't work at all.	0
(7/8/13) Individual cupcakes get individual containers! What a great concept. I had been dreading a larger box that would get tossed around by my driving & destroying both the cupcake & the frosting. I bought a lemon cupcake on this visit. It was perfection.	1
The burger is outstanding, as are the flatbreads and the kids menu. It seems as though anything you would ask (special prep for kids, side item, etc.) was always met with \""absolutely.\"" Noise level was fine, service was fast and polite (Casey is fantastic, cute & friendly) and the crowd is a good mix of business, friends & families. I pass through CLT for business 6 - 8x per year & I will definitely be back. For those that complain about expense, I don't understand - it seems to fall right in the middle of places with food of this quality.	1
I love this franchise! I hate this location. I went a few nights ago and it was pretty busy so I excused the waitress for taking more than 20 minutes to come take our order. When our food came they brought me the wring dish. The waitress come back and said 'I'm sorry I brought you the wring dish do you still want it?\"" I said \""I would like what I ordered\"" and without saying anything she walked away. She came back almost 10 minutes later with a little plate and asked me to scoot the food off of my plate on to the little one. Then I watched her take it back to the kitchen. So I sat there staring at a half empty plate that was getting cold and a bus boy or waiter (not sure) came up quickly and snatched it away thinking I was done. Me and the guy I was eating with were like \""hey excuse me please bring that back!\"" He looked surprised and said \""Oh you are not done?\"" I tried to flag down the waitress several times to ask if my food was coming soon. She came eventually with a small dish with my cold food on it and asked if I wanted anything else. I just asked for a doggy bag because my partner was long finished and I did not want to eat my cold food alone. We did both receive 2 ten dollar off coupons toward our next visit on our way out. I will not be going back.	0
This place doesn't even deserve one star. My boyfriend and I went there on Cinco de Mayo and we had reservations for 8pm. When we got there they weren't busy but there was a group of 5 that had been waiting for almost two hours for a table. We sat ourselves, had to go ask for menus, had to ask for chips and salsa, and had to ask for our server to come take our order. My boyfriend got food poisoning that night. For being such a fun location and environment, the service and food sucked.	0
I have been eating here for about 3 years and there is one thing that keeps bringing me back. The Tinga Taco. \n\nThe tinga is the single best taco I have ever had. Shredded marinated chicken thrown into a crispy shell then the whole thing deep fried. Throw in there fantastic chips and salsas and you got my favorite place to go in the valley for tacos.	1
If you sign up for their rewards program you will get $$ back and 20% off coupon for ALL your shopping on special days so it's a pretty good deal.  This store is well stocked and clean.	1
Good food ! Jesus is an excellent waiter and he is on top of his game. We did not need to ask for anything	1
We got takeout and it was low quality Mexican.  Chicken was stringy an.d tough, seasonings were very pedestrian. If you like this you're not serious about Mexican	0
This was such 50/50 place. Out of three different specialty pizzas we ordered, one was really good, one was okay and the other was really bad. Salad was good, but nothing special. Ranch dressing was really good, bleu cheese dressing was really bad. Chicken tenders were burnt, like to the point that when I opened the container, it smelled like a kitchen was on fire. They were so black, I could not believe that they actually delivered those to us. The buffalo sauce was good, but useless since our chicken was not eatible. The baked potato fries were a good concept and had a good flavor, but the fries were soggy, but maybe that was just because they were delivered. Okay, maybe it was less than a 50/50 ratio here, since we did spend over $100 for so much dissapointment.	0
Lash out is amazing! I am absolutely in love with my lash extensions. Kate is certified and is a perfectionist and makes sure your lashes are exactly the way you want them. She uses top of the line mink lashes and you can even get a few different colors to bring your eyes out. I got some green put in mine and it really made my brown eyes pop! She is extremely affordoable compared to other salons that offer lash extensions because lashes are all she does. I totally love how I don't have to wear mascara anymore no more black smudges under these eyes! Go to lash out and you won't be disappointed!	1
If your a Charlotte 49'er fan, this is the place to be.\n\nThey have lot's of Charlotte memorabilia.\nThe staff is friendly, professional and knowledgable.\n\nWe went for a Saturday afternoon lunch.\n\nThe sweet tea is VERY sweet, asked for half a glass of ice water.\n\nI had the Southwest Chicken Salad, others had the Manhattan Pizza.\nMy salad was fresh and flavorful. The personal pizza was excellent as well.\n\nThey also have NTN trivia if you like playing on-line.\n\nThis place probably rocks during hoops season and should be a destination once the 49'ers start their football season.\n\nThey have a hugh projection screen TV and all the requisite HD Plasamas	1
This is unadulterated pinball nirvana. When I assume room temperature, just spread my ashes over this place....\n\nLocated a couple of miles off the strip, Pinball Hall Of Fame offers you a trip back to your youth, provided you grew up being a pinball geek like me. I played games that I haven't touched in 35 years. I was so happy I seeked this out and can't wait to return. In addition, you can play the latest pinball machines available. \n\n I F$#@!^&* love this place!	1
Gem\u00fctliches Cafe in Edinburgh mit leckeren Burgern. Viele Harry-Potter-Touristen und Studenten.	1
I gave it one star because its only saving grace is that the kitchen is open late...and it serves Pepsi.\n\nI ordered (so typical of me) their supersomethinggooey chimichanga. You may as well have brought me a pile of flaming poo. It looked so unappetizing when it was plunked down in front of me. You know when you were a kid and you were forced to eat something you hated and you did all you could to prolong the agony? Well, there were no potted plants within range for me to dump my food in and the napkins were so flimsy I couldn't spit my bites out gracefully. Instead, I pushed away the food and claimed, \""I savored every bite and now I'm full.  I'll take it home.\"" My friend loves that place. Why? I can't understand it, either. I dumped the leftovers off in the trash at the Taco Bell I ended up at.\n\nService was crap, food was crap, parking was crap. It's located around the corner from my husband's old office...but hell, if the die hard alkies of my husband's office wouldn't go there, that's saying something. Geez, it's stumbling or in their case, tumbling, distance from work. Even happy hour couldn't persuade the guys to go.  Yes, it's that bad. You know it's bad when the alcoholics say no.\n\nThank god it's all you can drink Pepsi or I wouldn't know what to do with myself. *rolls eyes* I know what I'd do - I'd go to Jack in the Box across the street and bring it over because JITB is better than whatever Dos Gringos could ever try to feed me.\n\nPS -- What's up with those park benches for tables?	0
I have to make a confession: Usually, when I visit Las Vegas, I never think to leave the Strip.\n\nI know, I know -- Vegas locals despise people like me.  I'm talking about people who routinely fail to acknowledge that, surrounding the much-ballyhooed Strip, there's actually a large, diverse, and happening city  -- a city with countless hidden culinary treasures.\n\nBachi Burger is one of those treasures.  After Craig R. piqued my interest with his mouthwatering descriptions of Asian-inspired fusion burgers, I had to check it out.\n\nI dropped by here for lunch on a Saturday.  Bachi is located in a random strip mall on Windmill Lane (take the Blue Diamond Rd exit from the 15).  At ~11:30am, parking was a breeze and there were ample tables available.  I guess I should be thankful I missed the massive crowds that are known to congregate here.\n\nThe interior isn't much to look at (very minimalist and clean), but Bachi is all about the food.  I enjoyed the Ronin burger, which was cooked to a perfect medium.  It was topped with a decadent fried egg, crunchy cole slaw, and tangy BBQ sauce.  However, what really elevated this burger were the caramelized onions, whose depth of flavor was extraordinary.  The burger came with a small ramekin of yuzu aioli, which was also delectable -- I would've licked the damn thing clean if people weren't looking.\n\nOn the side, a had a bowl of their chili ginger edamame.  Let me say that this was the finest edamame that I've ever tasted.  Most edamame is overcooked into mush -- but not at Bachi.  Bachi's edamame is crunchy, fresh, and delicious.  The ginger was delightful, and the chili sauce provided a level of spice that was intense but not overpowering.\n\nService was fantastic.  My server, Kelly, moved quickly and efficiently -- always making sure that I was happily taken care of.  Even the prices are fair, since you're not dealing with the up-charges that are more typical of Strip restaurants.\n\nI can't wait to try Bachi's delicious delights again.  I'm drooling just thinking about it.	1
The avocado is mashed,  it makes a great substitute for mayo!\n\nthis subway has excellent service, the staff is always friendly and helpful.  I had the Roast Beef on wheat, and when i at first asked for regular lettuce then changed my mind to spinach leaves, my sandwich pro scraped it off with a smile! I've never been a huge fan of subways bread, its soft and chewy, but lacks a hard outer crust.  The rest of the sandwich was good, and i will definitely be returning	1
Very nice environment, with good view to the music fountain. The service was nice too, the a little bit pricy.	1
If my world were calorie and cholesterol free, I'd dine every day on the trout.  Not to mention the coconut flan!  If you don't try that flan on one of your visits I pity your taste buds.  Food is always hot and fresh.  Server is usually the same and pretty friendly.  The guy will work his buns off to make you happy.  Meals are reasonably priced but worth the bit of splurge.  What to try?  The Ecuadorean tamales, the trout and the coconut flan.  You will love the red onion relish - I could eat that stuff every day!	1
They never have Apprentice services available. Even when trying to book months ahead!	0
I really like this place. The decor is chic, good service, and delicious food. I had my first burrata here and oh my, I can't get enough of it. I especially like the penne with mushroom dish, as well as the classic margherita pizza. \n\nOverall, I would definitely come back.	1
Haha, good times. My favorite memory was when my to-be-unnamed acquaintance who I was eating with got yelled at by the owner!  This is a positive review since the guy was a jerk anyway.  Bottom line is that this is a real deal local place and the guy that runs it doesn't take any crap.\n\nNote that it has limited hours (basically just weekday lunchtime) and that you must pay in cash.  The motley crew of young student types that work there are sincere and helpful, just trying to get people fed and out the door!	1
Amazing value for money!  Highly recommended.  \n\nAll prices include tax.  For $8 (veg.) or $9 (non-veg.) you will be completely filled by their 3-choice thali plates, which include salad, rice, NAAN, and papadum.\nThe $5 wraps are also a fantastic value/quality. \nThe owner(?) and the gentleman with the turban are really nice.  \n\nI wish they would offer a bhuna or rogan josh (fish as a protein would be nice too!), and the washroom and decor should be improved, but but at least they usually play decent Indian music, and not crappy Top 40 radio!	1
KUNG FU KICKED TO 2 STARS\n\n   Kung Fu Restaurant broke an important rule. That rule is to NEVER EVER force your customers to leave a minute after giving them the check. Breaking this rule has consequences such as A ONE STAR REDUCTION IN A REVIEW RATING. As a result of their unprofessional action a 3.4 rating is dropped to 2.4 stars that is rounded off to 2 stars. Yikes! kind of how my brother and I also felt. In all honesty this a gentle response considering that many talented Yelper's would reward this experience with a one star rating. \n\n  Kung Fu Restaurant is located in the Las Vegas Chinatown District at the southwest corner of Valley View and Spring Mountain Boulevard. After a day in Springs Preserve suffering with a hurt left foot my brother and I decided to drive a few traffic lights South on Valley View Boulevard to Chinatown. This would be a convenient choice. Actually not really. Regardless that Kung Fu is at a major crossroads, the parking situation is atrocious. The diminutive parking spaces are more ideal for a golf cart than today's modern vehicles. I'd sacrifice my car if I left it there. So, we parked across Valley View Boulevard near Starbuck's with the intention of a post dinner coffee after. So I'd sacrifice my legs and limbs crossing a busy Valley View Boulevard.\n\n  The service started out allright. Immediately after walking inside there was a booth available (I wonder why). The waiter presented my brother and I with glasses of cold water and the menus. \n\n  Regardless that there was a large assortment of dishes to choose from, only the entree page dishes included jasmine rice. Nothing about brown or fried rice. I ordered the shrimp chop suey which was around $9.50. My taste buds say that the shrimp chop suey is 3.4 stars. In comparison to the Chinese restaurants that I have reviewed (my Chinese Restaurants list is the home of these reviews) the size of the shrimps trailed in comparison. Generally speaking, or tasting the quality from the vegetables to the sauce tasted fine. The soy sauce gave some taste to the jasmine rice.  With the shrimp chop suey and jasmine rice, I ordered hot tea. In my opinion it is nearly impossible to mess up the delicious hot tea that Chinese restaurants serve. After a few cups of the delicious green tea, I stand by my opinion. Thanks to the Yelp checkin offer, the tea was complimentary. I would of enjoyed a bowl of my beloved wonton soup,  one of my favorite foods in the world going back to my toddlerhood. But Kung Fu doesn't give any breaks with the soup. The war won ton soup is around $9. they ought to include personal portions of soup on the menu. Then again, they ought to include chopsticks on the table. \n\n  The food was good. I ate everything down to the plate including the sauce. My brother and I were talking at the time the waiter presented us with the check. Around a minute later the waiter tells us to pay because people were waiting for the booth. He wasn't giving us the stink eye and handed us our fortune cookies. Without a nasty demeanor he just rushing us out of the booth barely giving my brother and I time to split the bill. \n\n  I didn't read the fortune cookie. An appropriate fortune cookie would say something like, \""The average person tells nine other people when they are unhappy with a business where the average Yelper tells a couple thousand people when they are unhappy with a business.\"" Or the fortune cookie might of said, \""You have a World of restaurants to choose from in your city.\"" Or the fortune cookie could of said, \""There is nothing like competition.\"" To close off this review, what I am saying is that Kung Fu rushed us out the door of their restaurant and it is a door I don't intend to open in a long time.	0
Old Vegas. Some people love it, and other people....act like it doesn't even exist.\n\nI happen to be one of those people who love it.\n\nSo cheap. So tacky. And such a blast.\n\nSure, modern Vegas is great & fun, but you can do so much more for so much less on Fremont Street!\n\n\nThe Golden Nugget is where you should stay if you're into hanging out on Fremont Street, hands down.\n\nMyself and 3 other people stayed in one of the Rush Tower deluxe rooms. And the room was fantastic. 2 Televisions, a fantastic bathroom, 2 couches......\n\n...but only one bed.\n\nWhen I reserved the room, the website said it was for up to four people and had the option of getting two full beds.\n\nWhen we arrived they told us that was an option, but not a guarantee.\n\nNormally this sort of customer service would merit a god awful review.\n\nBut....they have a slide that goes through a shark tank!\n\nAnd as I said, the room was very nice for the price, especially for 4 people. There was plenty of room to sleep on the couches...but when you're two couples, it's a little less than ideal.\n\nBut if you're going with a few friends or if that doesn't bother you, then go for it. No regrets staying at the Golden Nugget, and I definitely would do it again. My only complaint is that I wish they'd be a little more honest with their online reservations.	1
I think this place can be considered a hole in the wall kind of place since it is very tiny and the only beverage served here is water. It's open and bright but I still had a claustrophobic feeling the whole time here. \n\nThe menu is very limited and more limited than the picture of a menu posted a while back.\n\nI tried the chicken shawarma plate that came with two sides and picked what they called spicy carrot salad and eggplant. The chicken was moist dark meat that differed from other shawarma I tasted because it was more almost nutty tasting and less of that tang taste that some shawarma has. The portion was monstrous as I ate a bunch my husband ate some and I took over 4 oz home. Maybe they just wanted to use up that batch and let it all go on me? I don't know? The eggplant was tasty and tasted like you fried onions with eggplant in a pan. The carrots were skillfully chopped into the tiniest cubes and seemed to taste a bit like coriander but weren't spicy but flavorful. I liked the spicy sauce that came with the plate it wasn't too spicy but was very flavorful and it was long and lingering and interesting.\n\nBoth of us were blown away with the beef kabob. It tasted better than we were expecting so it was a pleasant surprise. It tasted like the juiciest better tasting burger you can imagine. A thin nice sear and very moist lightly packed beef that was very good. My husband said if we ever go back he will try a hamburger from here. The kabob plate came with two sides and my husband picked fries and salad. The Fries were COLD AND SOGGY and might have been leftovers from the large take out order before us. The salad was finely diced tomatoes and cucumbers that they call Israeli Salad but according to Wikipedia Arabs also call this salad Arab Salad and Palestinians call this salad Palestinian Salad so it seems the Mid East is also fighting for bragging rights over this salad.\n\nOur waiter offered us some pita bread with tehini. I have to say time froze and stopped  still for a second when we tasted the pita. It was that good, I don't know how you make a simple pita taste that good but it was. It was fresh warm very light but strong in texture. My husband isn't really crazy about any shawarma from anywhere but even he said the chicken on this pita was delicious.\n\nI took home my left over chicken home and a few sauces and ordered a few felafel's to go. They are green inside and that is an indication of a better felafel that is made with fresh herbs instead of dry. The felafel's didn't have a big crunch but were moist inside and very fresh herby tasting. \n\nOur waiter was very thoughtful and just kept trying to bring me more food.\n\nSome big hits but the fries were a miss. It really was like traveling the world. Limited hours I think open Sunday-Thursday.	1
My fiancee and I have been putting off going back to see the University of Illinois campus for a while now. We saw that Super 8 was having a crazy anniversary sale on rooms where if you booked online on a certain date and time, your room would only be $8.88. We decided this would be the perfect oppurtunity to head down to Champaign so we tried to book the room and got it.\n\nThis is the point where I tell you if I had paid any more than $8.88, I would have felt ripped off. The room smelled very weird (that smell that makes you think someone could have died in there but they used enough chemicals to kill every last skin cell), the bedding was very itchy, and the shower curtain didn't even have any plastic liner to keep the water in the tub. The only positives (the reason it gets two stars instead of one) were that there was good pressure in the shower and the location was not bad. Honestly though, unless it is a crazy deal like we had, there are better hotels in the area. There is even a nicer Super 8 near Lincoln Avenue.	0
Adam is one of the best, most honest biz owners around. Oh and did I mention he freaking ROCK when it comes to IT whether it's hardware OR software. He has fixed 3 of our laptops and would recommend him to anyone looking for a quick repair to a company looking for IT support with hundreds of employees. Thanks Adam!!!!	1
i was desperate and it was open but i will never go there again. DIRTY! i felt a nail infection happening as they were working on me... i was so nervous after they started and i was looking around and noticed how gross it really was i wanted to just get up and leave but i didn't... i regretted that because they did a crap job and were rude. The guy working on me commented how bad my feet were.. aw, yes i know thats why i'm here getting a pedicure... like i should be embarrassed because i don't take care of my feet... well i was then, thank you!  The theme and concept is great especially for Vegas but they need to clean up their act and people... ill never go back!	0
One of the more disappointing wrap experience that I've had. \nI got the lamb wrap. Barely any meat, mostly pita and lettuce. No distinct flavor. \nOrdered for pick up and told them that I was going to pick it up at noon, when I got there it was waiting for me, but it was luke warm at best, so my guess is that it's been sitting on the counter for 45 minutes. The waitress was short and impolite on the phone, and her demeanor in person wasn't that great either.\nCosts over $8 with tax and doesn't even come with a side. \nIf I wanted a bland luke warm sandwich, I would have gone to Subway and paid less. \nNot worth it for the prices that they charge. \n\nThe only positive, the lamb was pretty tender; the two tiny pieces that I actually tasted in my sandwich.	0
Wow the Links bar got all grown up....!\n\nI have to admit I have been avoiding this place for the last few years purely on the presumpotion that well I was a little too old to hang out here now!! Those heady days of being 25 and hungover and in need of nachos and a screen showing rugby/football etc a distant memory.\n\nSo I was truly astonished to find myself sitting outsidre here a few weeks ago, glance at a menu and see \""seafood platter\""!! This cannot be the same place where I once downed a dirty pint standing on a pool table while a rugby team chanted at me questioning my sexuality based on the duration of the \""downage\"" of the pint....!?\n\nBut in fact it is, its been Marchmontised I'ld say, and to be fair its really great. Lovely spot to enjoy a sunny day with a qaulity craft beer. \n\nHighly JD Recommended!!!	1
Should refinancing take many months, a 500.00 good faith payment, constant emails and calls and just plain hounding us ??? I have never had this experience before with my first mortgage. I am very disappointed with quicken loans and the way they conduct business.	0
On my list of Dive Bars to visit when in Las Vegas . . . and so we stopped for a quick one before heading back to our hotel.  Best part . . . I drank for free . . . because I was playing video poker.\n\nNot a bad set-up . . . but will all the glass doors . . . you get a feeling that it is kind or small.  Though we did not eat any thing, the food smelled wonderful.\n\nI will most likely be back on another trip to try this place for lunch . . . only because when I am in Las Vegas . . . I like to dinner out at nicer restaurants . . . and this place has more of that homey atmosphere.	1
Was in town for the Ultra Swim event that was happening right across the street at the Mecklenberg Aquatic Center. We received a special room rate that was negotiated by SwimMac so thanks guys for that. I would have been kind of annoyed to have paid the full rate.\n\nAs many others have said they are trying to put off that The Blake is like the Mondrian or something like that but it is not. A bunch of modern furniture/interior design does not a good hotel make. (although the lobby pool table was in heavy use by many of the swim teams in attendance)\n\nThings seemed pretty clean but the hallways smelled of carpet cleaner or something and the elevators are kinda creaky and you never know which one is coming.\n\nGood Points:\n-Bed-bigger and more comfortable than my bed at home\n-Location-easy to get to where we were going and other places\n-front desk received our packages and had them brought to our room\n\nBad Points\n-the much maligned showers-I don't much love the glass wall/stand up scenario and the water temp was okay when I used it but I HATED the shower head.\n\n-my main gripe was with the breakfast situation-breakfast was part of our room rate. The first two days we ate in the Milano \""restaurant\"" portion from a buffet. The buffet was okay although by day 4 if I was one of the coaches or swimmers staying at the hotel I would have been pretty annoyed because it was sub par. We had vouchers for everyday including our fifth morning which was Monday but there was no breakfast to be found-whatever.\n\n-Charging for internet/parking\n\nI would maybe stay here again if we were attending the Swim meet but will definitely investigate other options.	0
This is one of the best places to go for craft beer in the Charlotte area.  Large chalkboards display what's available.  They have beers from almost every local brewery in addition to beers from everywhere.  If you're like me and have a hard time deciding or do not want to commit to a particular beer, you can a flight of four 5 ounce beers.  The full beers are served in German style glass mugs.  They also have ice rails on the bar in case you're drinking a crappy beer that needs to be enjoyed cold.  they serve food too - my friends said the pretzel was awesome.  They also have some games like Jenga as well as ping pong tables.  They have a small parking lot too (rare for the factory), plus one of the free lots is right across the street.	1
I've hated this place since it was a BP.  And even though the name has changed, nothing else has.\n\nThis place is by far the worst of the worse.  This particular one is located at a very busy intersection where five roads meet.  So just picture that when attempting to enter/exit this place.  And to speak of the overcrowding of this tiny lot isn't even worth it.  \n\nThe tiny store that goes along with this place is as much of a joke as you can imagine.  They have attempted to shove as much as they could in here to make it look like a typical GetGo.  Right down to the ATM.  Save your time and drive a few more miles to a different gas station, you'll surely save a headache by doing so.	0
If you are a fan of Tapas and are looking in Vegas, Firefly is the place to be. Yummy Yummy Yummy. With the all window atmosphere, our evening meal was super cool due to the Fremont Experience (like in the picture). The service was fast and our waitress super nice. We left after feasting! We all picked 3 tapas while in retrospect we had wished we only picked 2... there was A LOT of food.	1
Over the last 12 months my wife, sister and brother in law have made it a point to visit your business and we have become regulars at your establish, having a good time, enjoying your food, entertainment and honestly spending a lot of money. We have also turned your business back on for many of our friends and family over the past 6 months.\nThis evening 4/19/2013 (from 5pm-6:30 pm) we came back to our favorite Irish Pub, our first time back since Saint Patrick's Day. We were having a great time when we were asked by a waitress with blond hair right before our meals were to be delivered if she could move our table down. Without explaining the true intentions she started separating our tables. We were sitting at two, two tops, the four of us. At first we didn't ask why but soon after were told that the intention was to put the four of us around a single two top and that this was policy. You're were not even at full capacity! So I said no. After we got our meals, without our coleslaws, the service of your staff became distant and we received looks from the blond that were not complimentary.\nOn leaving is when we confronted her with our dissatisfaction, one in our party could not even eat his meal and asked for it to go. I have been in the restaurant business for 30 years, and for all the reasons we came back as customers to the new Pour House, is now why we will not return. Our business is a word of mouth business, and I plan to retract my support with many that I have previously made \""glowing\"" recommendations to.\nI guess now that your business is thriving again under your ownership that you can afford to run business off with the practice of trying to use every chair possible, and making your customers uncomfortable. If this is not your intention as an owner, please feel free to explain.	0
Okay I just want to say it is a beautiful place, really it is. The Interior design here is great and it was cool to see, BUT this place was FAR to crowed, I mean it was crazy.   \n\nThe place was divided up into a bunch of small rooms with a bar, each had unique decor and different music playing which was pretty cool.  It operates on 3 levels, the main floor which is chill and has the restaurant, the second level which has the stage and other smaller rooms and upstairs where TAO beach (TAO Beach was better) is on the roof.    \n\nWe went to see Public Enemy and the downside was that the entire place is all about VIP seating and booths and if you aren't VIP you are constantly shuffled around like a farm animal AND if you paid to see a show on a tiny stage, you wont see it very easily because the only standing room is the line to the bar and back out, unless you pay for a place to sit where you can view the stage. Also as others have pointed out the people there don't really seem to care about the music they came to see either....just a brainless crowd that acts stupid. \n\nThe drinks are way overpriced and small for what you end up with.  I was in heals and not being able to sit down really pissed me off (just sayin).  It was one of those annoying stand in one of 2 million long lines to get in while everyone acts self important scenes, just to get into an over crowded and overpriced bar with no place to sit.  Overall it was an experience and I can appreciate the good points of it.  LIke seeing what we did of Public Enemy was pretty freakin cool even if the bouncers were constantly telling us we couldn't just stand there and watch the show we paid to see LOL.	0
This place is absolutely fabulous, for many reasons.  \n\nFirst and foremost, the food.  I ordered two large pizzas to go (cheese and vegetarian).  Both were absolutely delicious!  The crust is thin and light, the cheese melts in your mouth, the sauce ultra flavorful, and the veggies were fresh and cooked to perfection.  It was a definite hit with everyone.\n\nThe location is a bit hidden (it's in an industrial neighborhood), but still very convenient as it is right across the street from Tempe Marketplace.  The interior was charming, with brick walls and small tables - reminescint of what I envision a small pizza parlor in Italy to look and feel like.\n\nAlthough the prices are higher than you would find at a Dominos or Pizza Hut, so is the quality of the food - therefore, worth the extra few bucks.\n\nFinally, the staff was amazing.  I had approached the manager for a small food donation for a local charity, and he went above and beyond to provide us with ample food for all involved and made our charity experience that much more memorable.\n\nOverall, this place is definitely worth a stop (or two, or three)!	1
I went here for a 'nice' steak dinner. however, i think 'nice' is actually 'bleh'.\n\nAll I wanted was a big, fat hunk of delicious meat and some healthy vegetables. Apparently they have vegetables but I wouldn't call them healthy. They have green beans, and I'm sure they are delicious with all the butter and bacon they are cooked in but I am 100% sticking to my New Years resolution. I asked instead if I could have fresh green beans cooked by themselves. My waitress said NO.\n\nNO?! you mean you don't have fresh vegetables?\n\nEverything they have is already premade and nothing is fresh. GROSS!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!\n\nThe steak was bland and I pretty much used an entire mound of salt for flavor. It ended up being like $20 bucks after tip. Totally ridiculous. \n\nI don't understand restaurants that don't use fresh vegetables and nothing can be cooked to order. that totally grosses me out. I will not be back. If I was by myself I would have left when I found out nothing was fresh, but I was with people and didn't want to insult them because one of them chose this place?	0
This is like fine dining at a buffet price. There is fresh sushi and salads. I always end up eating 2 of the creme brulees. Of course prime rib and crab legs have a plate of their own.	1
For our first visit to Golden Dragon we met some friends here for dinner who recommended it.  We walked in and I felt as if I were in a time warp, back to the Brooklyn Chinese restaurants of my youth.  Well, not my youth youth, since a morsel of Chinese cuisine never touched my lips until I was 12.  Every other Brooklyn Jewish family in the golden days of Brooklyn (oh, I forgot that now Brooklyn is trendy, so it's someone else's golden days),  \""went Chinese\"" on Sunday.  It was The Law.  But my family was Kosher, even at home.  No Chinese food on paper plates for us.  But I was a rebel, so the first chance I got, at my friend Regina's sophisticated Birthday Dinner Party, I ate the forbidden fruit.  Regina's mom promised not to tell mine, though she'd promised her that she'd provide Kosher salami for me.  Yeah, right.  Nothing like feeling different from your peers when you're 12.  And it was good.  And I was hooked.\n\nBut in those days, pre-Hunan, pre-Szechuan, pre-Mongolian, there was only Cantonese.  And that's pretty much what Golden Dragon is all about.  I can't say that my sophisticated palate still loves the blandness of that cuisine, but what we ordered was mostly very good.  Not so much the Hot and Sour Soup because, after all, that's not Cantonese.  \n\nEven though our dinner was fairly recent, I can't remember what else we ordered, except for some spare ribs and an excellent Egg Foo Young for appetizers, and we sampled our friends' very tasty walnut shrimp, but everything was pretty yummy and well-prepared.  The service was terrific.\n\nWhat bumps my rating from three to four stars is the value.  Where else can you get a 40 course dinner - if that's what you want - for $10.50?  Anything or everything on the menu, as long as you finish what you order.  No doggy bags.  None.  But clean your plate!!!  Oh, and they've raised the price a bit, since they now charge $1pp for tea.  But it was very good tea.	1
The kitchen could be the most poorly run I've ever seen.  I've been here three times.  The first time was when it first opened four years ago - the food was pretty good.  Second time was awful - too much time passed between courses and the food came out cold.  As I live close by, I decided to try one more time to see which experience was the accurate representation.  Unfortunately, my LAST experience there matched my second and I really took notice this time of how frazzled the service staff was as a result of the kitchen's poor coordination.  \n\nAs my wife and I sat at the bar for over a half hour later than our original reservation time, we engaged in conversation with others dining at the bar; I've never seen so many people send back cold food.  Please heed my warning, don't risk ruining your special evening by going here.  You might get lucky but there are too many other great places to get an excellent prime steak paired with a consistently seamless experience.	0
One Stop Auto is the only repair shop I will ever use! They have proven to me that they are the most honest and consistently knowledgable mechanics I have ever dealt with. When a dealership told me I would have to replace my AC compressor for $800 I took it to One Stop where they found a small leak, plugged it and recharged my system for under $50! They bend over backwards to fix my problem the first time and go the extra mile to get my car repaired and back to me in the time and at the price quoted! I have never received the kind of service and concern from a service provider like I have from One Stop! They have gained a customer for life!	1
Decent happy hour beer prices...and an overall good vibe.  But the food is terrible.  It looks really appetizing but has no flavor whatsoever.  The chicken green chili rolls had white meat chicken and cheese and green chilis wrapped in a spring roll wrapper and deep fried.  What's not to like, right?  Well yeah, there was no taste at all.  It didn't even taste like cardboard, just like nothing.  The salsa also was very bland.  I have to say though that the guac was not bad.  So, go there to drink and to watch the 10,000 TVs they have but not for the food.	0
Super cool and relaxed environment. Great place to go for an after work drink and burger. Staff is really friendly and personable especially the Murphy brothers. Always a good time at this neighborhood establishment.	1
I grew up in the area, and was a fan of Lucky Boy, and then it changed owners, and the quality sucked, so I retired its jersey.\n\nAfter reading here on Yelp that Lucky Boy was back to its full glory, I had to see for myself. I hit the drive thru on a Thursday afternoon, and the service was quick, friendly, and efficient. \n\nGetting the burger with 1,000 island dressing, and side of fries, I went home. I was very happy to learn that the burgers were better than ever! Tasty burgers, with a nice char taste, and they pay attention to details, which is great. Tasty fresh lettuce, tomatoes, onions, piled on a grilled bun makes for a great meal. \n\nLucky Boy v1.0 had kind of weak fries, they were trying to be fresh and simple, but they were bland and tasteless. Lucky Boy v2.0 uses frozen fries, and does a great job of cooking them perfectly.\n\nJust an FYI, the inside of Lucky Boy is very, very small. Cute, but small, so if you have a large group, this may be a better take out spot.\n\nI also had a strawberry malt, which was very tasty.  I look forward to putting Lucky Boy back in the rotation. I think it's really cool to have really good food, locally owned at good prices. I know the 5 Guys Vs. In-N-Out war rages on, but I will stick with Lucky Boy!	1
We enjoy visiting Holstein's at Cosmo when we are in town. Sure, you can eat at the hoity toity spots if you want. We enjoy sharing a burger and Caesar salad. Yea, don't be afraid to share. The burgers are plentiful. Service is friendly and efficient. The only complaint I would say are the low seated booths and awkwardly uncomfortable chairs.	1
People , Lets not talk about the freekin parking lot ?\n\nI Checked out Starbucks Coffee in the Banksville Plaza, And I gotta say , I was impressed.\n\nThe crew was in perfect sync. very friendly and accommodating. \n\nI have to give kuttos to the gal who fetched my coffee and spice cake .....Tall very pretty , Happy , smiling , Sincerely cares about her customers and her job.\n\nIt would be hard to walk in here with a grumpy attitude.\n\n\n\nOhh ,And The Coffee & Cake were good too !	1
We spent a week in this family friendly time share hotel, got the 2 bedroom \""villa\"" compliments of my sis.  I was pleasantly surprised at how well thought out this place is.  With a full kitchen, washer and dryer, I totally overpacked since my mama was doing laundry everyday for some reason.  The rooftop pool is a nice touch but it's a bit small for so many people.  And the smoking area by the tiny \""rooftop bar\"" is a bit disturbing especially considering most kids hang out by the pool.  The mandatory complimentary valet is a bit frustrating as well.  But besides from that, this is a nice place to stay.  We had 3 LCD TV's, 42 incher in the living room and 32 incher in each of the bedrooms so we can all watch our own programming.  The DVD player and full stereo set up also make the week go by faster.  Word of advise, it's really a bore to stay in Vegas for an entire week with seniors and kids.	1
We went this afternoon for a late breakfast. I've heard a lot about this place so we decided to do the drive up to North Phoenix.   We walked in and the whole \""Man vs Food\"" situation was posted everywhere.  We decided to order the claim to fame giant king cavalier torta and ordered to split.  I ordered an agua de pi\u00f1a and it was great and when we asked for chips and salsa the server let us know they only had potato chips and no tortilla chips.............. (weird)........ Ok- so no chips LOL.  Our torta arrived and it was HUGE!!! So I'm all excited about this giant Mexican sandwich but then I realized that I'm not going to be able to bite into it because it's so huge (that's what she said- I know) ok so I split the sandwich in half to only have one top portion half to start ingesting.  There is every animal inside of this thing. Literally.  Ham, pork chop, hot dog, shredded chicken, carne Asada, and fried chicken, and chicken fried steak ( I think?) ok so like the top half started out good but then I got grossed out with all the meat and then took off the fried chicken an chicken fried steak.  Then I threw off the hot dogs.  Then I just decided I was done once my boyfriend voiced that there was NO FLAVOR in the sandwich.  I was disgusted and just left it.  I honestly thought I was going to vomit on the way home because I just ingested who knows how many calories and didn't even find joy in it.  Oh- and our bill was $38.00 (the sandwich is $20 alone plus I got the agua de pi\u00f1a and Travis got a sprite.  We tried it at least? Bleh.	0
My new favorite place! Best Chinese food in town. I first ordered food here out of convenience but am now hooked!\n\nI love their lunch specials. Great price for great food. I love their fast service. I called in a lunch special and was told it would be ready in 10mins. I arrived early expecting to wait and my food was being out into a bag as I walked in. And they have excellent customer service.\n\nUnfortunately after I wrote this review I had a change of heart. I waited over 20 mins for 1 orange chicken special. I wouldn't be bother by the wait except when others are out before me. After I ordered my food, about 7 mins later two people came in and ordered the exact same thing I had. 5 mins later they walk out with their food. Soon a few more people walk in and place their orders and they got their food within mins. Finally I was handed my 1 simple order of orange chicken. Don't think I'll be coming here as often as I planned.	0
Love it.\n\nI wish Potbelly would expand to my neck of the woods.  I love everything about them.  Fast and delicious sandwiches, lots of drink options, and yummy cookies.  I'm partial to a variation on the meatball sandwich (though their signature sandwiches are very tasty and far more original) and sugar-cane-cola.  Subway and Quizno's should tremble at the mere notion that Potbelly could invade the coasts.  If they brought their army of friendly and capable staffers with them, they could easily take over around here.	1
I keep meaning to ask if they do gift registries at this store.  Because my friends say I'm hard to buy for, and I just don't get it.  Go to Made.  Apply blindfold.  Spin.  Stop.  Walk forward.  Buy what you touch.  Unless it's baby clothes.  It's that easy.\n\nI really love this place.  I make people go here.  I got a rockin' ring here.  Some cool books. Of course a few magnets.  Recent purchase was a baby t-shirt (for friend) that said angel on the front and had a pic of wings on the back.  Aw....  And the selection is often changing as artists create new things. \n\nYou should go.  You need to go.  Just go.	1
Every time I go to Vegas, I have to eat here!  The sushi is amazing and the staff is great!  I love the half price sushi if you come in late!	1
After a positive experience with Dr. Davis and his office, I brought my expensive Calvin Klein sunglasses in to get a new set of lenses. When I got them back, the lenses didn't seem right. I asked the optician to look at them and she did something with the right arm and she broke it! Her attitude was, you signed a release and your screwed! We're not responsible even though the glasses broke when she was working with them. I was very upset with the lack of s caring attitude and hiding behind a release form. I am left with the opinion that once they get their money from VSP, game over. I had to take my broken sunglasses to a frame repair place and pay $65 cash to get them fixed. VSP did reimburse the $65 to me because they do care about their customers, unlike Dr. Davis and his staff. The take away from this experience is that Dr. Davis is a good eye doctor but his business practices leave a bit to be desired! Definitely do not use his office to get new lenses on your exiting frames. He will not stand by them if anything happens! Unfortunately in today's world, good customer service is hard to find. It's all about the $$$ and not the customer.	0
I felt like I need to provide a current Andrew Blair's review because a lot of these are outdated. Gone are the days of the packed house, dress code and club scene. They've attempted to rebrand with a new countrified logo and feel.  I am personally not a fan of the new AB logo with the wheat behind it but I appreciate their effort to have a more \""comfortable\"" neighborhood feel. I saw several people in tshirts, shorts, jeans and sunglasses. Maybe it was the NRA in town but I even spotted some decidedly \""red\"" folks.  So maybe it is like a country club, but in Gastonia. :)\n\nTheir decor hasn't changed, so it still feels like a nice place, but definitely softer and more comfortable than say a Liberty gastropub. Opt for outdoor seating if the weather cooperates. Even on a hot night the fans keep the air moving and it was nice. They had a sangria special- it tastes fine enough but lacks the fun fruit you can munch on like at Sole, so I'd skip it for their nice wines.\n\nWe had the meatloaf with mac and cheese and green beans. I really enjoyed the green beans- they were cooked perfectly and still retained a little snap to them. The meatloaf was also very nice.  We also had the filet mignon.  They had one misfire on temperature, but their make good efforts were overwhelming- best I've seen of any restaurant.  The remake of the steak was cooked perfectly, they replated it with new sides. The manager was very concerned about our happiness and took a lot of time talking with us.  She also invited us to their new brunch on Sundays. They apparently have a creme brulee french toast that looks divine. I wonder if it can compare with 131 Main's granola french toast?  \n\nBut I digress. The portions were not large enough for my hungry man so we ordered a side of mushrooms which were nicely seasoned with shallots and scallions. \n\nWe were offered two chocolate bourbon truffles at the end of the night which were lovely- not too sweet, and solid texture. We opted out of dessert (a shock to both of us, I know). \n\nI would like to go back for their Pinot Thursdays where they do Pinot Noir tastings on the 3rd Thursday of every month. \n\nFinal tip: Citipass coupon book has a buy one get one free. So all in our meal cost $40 including a generous tip. So given that, the value was great.	1
Okay, I want to like it more than I do but.....well, lets just dig into the review. First, know that I went there for lunch on a Saturday, not in the evening when it is in full swing, so maybe I missed part of the ambiance but honestly, I went there to try the food. \n\nFirst, I had the olives appetizer and based just on that, this place would be amazing. It was a small plate full of big, meaty, green olives, obviously warmed in a bath of live oil and served with a light sprinkle of salt and oh, so good. I would go back just for these. But, an appetizer does not a meal make so lets go on to the main course and side dish. \n\nFor lunch I had some sort of pasta which was advertised to have anchovies, lemon, and if i remember correctly, hot pepper. I also ordered a side of braised greens. The pasta, when it was served, came in a large white bowl and honestly, when I order a pasta dish over $10, I prefer it to be well...plated, on a plate. The dish also contained sauteed fennel which, while not unpleasant, was not expected, and it seemed, it was a bit dry. As for the braised greens, also served in a large white bowl and that was it, just the braised greens. Some cracked black pepper and some shaving of hard cheese, would definitely have helped round out the side dish (though at $3 I can't complain too much but make it $4 and bump it up a bit). \n\nFinally, the decor, nothing really stands out. Sen, right next door, has much more of an artistic edge so maybe they could kick up the look of the place a bit. So, take the review for what it is and if nothing else, go in the evening for a glass of wine and the olive appetizer (a steal at $5) but overall, it did not wow me as much as I expected from all the write-ups.	0
Always a favorite.  Took my wife for Mothers Day and was not disappointed.  If you want a good seafood dinner and don't want to make reservations I highly recommend.	1
it was too expensive for that you are getting.  I ordered 6 oysters and paid 24 dollars from them?!!?\n\nplus they made me sick as a dog the next day.  What a joke.  The truffled frittes sound amazing when described, however they are gross and oily!\n\nthe salmon was all right, but soaked in butter, again oily... and i got a steak. it was small and the flavor was too salty... \n\nagain, it sounds better than it is, if you want to pay a lot for the atmosphere, then go ahead...\n\nor try tarbell's in phoenix.  at least he actually won iron chef america!!!	0
Danny's was a 5 star Car Wash 15 years ago! \nToday, Danny's Family Carousel Car Wash is now all about the Pressure Upsell!\n\nGone is the the friendly customer service & a Job #1 attitude that kept me coming back!\n\nI understand this is a business & there is a bottom line, but to pressure your customers to purchase more than they intend is not upselling, it is unscrupulous!\n\nThey hit you full force the second you pull into the station!\n\n Instead of earning repeat business like they use to they are trying to upsell you get the works, an oil change and windshield damage repair, and everything else they have to sell! When you decline all the extras they disappear as quickly as they showed up & everywhere else you get nothing but bad attitudes!  They try to rush you out of there as quickly as possible, to the point that they always miss something... I've left there several times to find the front end of my car still covered with bug marks!\n\nIn the past several years I've had countless bad experiences. \nSo bad that I go out of my way not to ever use a Danny's Family Car Wash again!	0
Worst steak house I have ever been to in Vegas. Went with friends and most everything was wrong with the food that we ordered.. and cold. Took about an hour to get our (well, whosoever it was) food after we were seated. Fuck, since nothing was right they should have just made up an order for us when we got there so it would have been at least warm when we got it. Was charged for everything we originally ordered that we never got. Not going back. I would rather shove shards of glass up my ass and sit in a tub of Tabasco sauce then endure this place again.	0
This place needs to learn how to cook steaks.  I have been at Texas Roadhouse 3 times and twice the steak was so salty and wet I was unable to eat it.  Th 3rd time, I order a hamburger WITHOUT seasoning and it was again so salty I had to send it back.  Terrible food , , , stupid country music , , , terrible service,  Unable to see why people go there!	0
Not real BBQ...just over cooked meat.	0
This is a fun family restaurant I will say the inside is quite old I was disappointed with the grease that was used for the to deep fry oil needed to be changed the coleslaw was not that great but everything else was very good the staff is young but friendly and we went on a Friday evening and it was not that busy overall this is a fun Country Western restaurant.	1
If you like to get ripped off,lied to and cheated, then this is the bike shop for you. Prices are insanely marked up and service is by far some of the worse I've ever seen.	0
I'm so happy to finally have found a property in Vegas that I know my company will be using again, again, and again. The M is brand spanking new -- only opened a little over two months ago -- but wow, are they starting off strong! \n\nIt's a beautiful resort with the most amazing staff ever, incredible catering, and all the luxuries of the Strip without actually being in the middle of all the filth. The M is about a 15 minute drive from the Strip, right down Las Vegas Blvd. They offer an hourly shuttle so you can go get your fix and retreat. \n\nI loved the view from the floor-to-ceiling windows in our room that showed the lit up view of the Strip from a distance and the M's killer pool. They have a big stage overlooking the pool area for concerts, and we lucked out to catch a reggae show there one night.\n\nCan I say just one more time how much I loooooved the staff at this place? Don't let the front desk people deter you (they're still working on stepping up their game), every single person in this hotel will do backflips to make sure you're having the best time ever. \n\nHighly recommend checking out: the pool, casino (great raffle giveaways!! they were giving out Lexuses last week!), the ginormous buffet at Studio B, the luxurious spa, and the super cool wine tasting bar. Oh yeah, and their room service is delish & inexpensive. Couldn't be better!!	1
The place is beautifully sunlit and airy, filled with fine modern clean lines and just enough easy color and art to add visual interest, not too crowded, and not uncomfortably trendy. They were well suited for my large group of friends and I, so we were excited when we decided to have dinner there. \n\nThe menu selection was decent--standard cafe fair, with sandwiches, wraps, and salads. They had a nice wine selection, although I thought their per-glass charge seemed a little pricey. Service was fine and quick enough, so I have nothing bad to say there. The highlight: The Tuna Almondine I ordered was delicious! It was not overdressed or strangely sweet like a lot of tuna fish sandwiches out there, and the almonds added a nice toasted nutty flavor without it or their hard, slightly crunchy texture getting in the tuna's way. But it's hard to mess up tuna, and I was easily able to recreate the dish at home for a lot less than 11 bucks. Okay, I can understand--it's caf\u00e9 food. There's ambiance to pay for, and it is nice there. And someone back in the kitchen works hard to make that sandwich. Fine. But the deal breaker was the leaf salad that came with my sandwich. \n\nJust about all of us had the same salad with our wraps and sandwiches. My salad was limp, fainted dead away. And it smelled like freshly mown grass, which is totally fine if we're discussing freshly mown grass, and not something I'm expected to shove into my maw. To be fair, my dining companions could only kind of smell what I could in their own salads, so it wasn't as big as an affront to them. Maybe I just got the bottom of the bag, since it did seem to just be a bagged mix. Plus, my taste buds and especially my sense of smell are sensitive--not saying they're great or even good, but they seem pick things up that a lot of folks don't. Everyone thought their food ranged from \""good\"" to \""pretty good.\"" Overall, it's a decent option if you're in the area and want a nice caf\u00e9 experience. (Read: Don't want to hit the nearest sandwich shack or deli, like my preference, Miracle Mile Deli up on Central and Thomas, or want a sit-down as opposed to a grab-and-go, like Willo Baking Co. right next door--holy yum, with beautiful desserts, and last I checked, they supplied My Florist's bread, anyway). So try My Florist for yourself, but for the price, do not hesitate to bring a discerning palate or be embarrassed to send a dish back if it's not up to par.	0
Their other reviews are so good, maybe I came on a bad night.  But between us we ordered 2 salads and 2 entrees and only 1 of the 4 dishes was good.\nWe started with the Papaya Salad and Grilled Beef Salad.  The Papaya Salad was mediocre at best, but the Beef Salad was fantastic.  Bright, fresh flavors in the dressing and a nice char on the beef.\nFor entrees we had Duck Pad See Eu and Snapper Pad Ped Snapper.  The noodle dish was awful.  We each only took 1 bite.  It had a funny taste that in retrospect should have prompted me to send it back.  There was just something wrong, like old meat or oil that had me repulsed.\nThe fish itself was light and flaky inside, but the coating was a soggy mess.  It had been fried, then tossed in sauce, but the fried coating wasn't crispy enough so it just ended up with an almost gooey texture that was very unpleasant.\nService was good, but our salads didn't come out at the same time, then the entrees came within just a few minutes of getting the last salad.	0
For the moment, I have a gun in my home that a friend has lent me so that I could decide if this is something I really want around. So far, only good things to say. I've been to a defensive pistol association \""shoot\"" so that I could get better not just at hitting a stationary piece of paper but also be comfortable handling this weapon in a more 'active' situation.\n\nI had already stopped by Hyatt and checked out their accessories, finding them to be much more expensive than anything available on the Internet. While they were very helpful, I thought it might be best to shop around. Which brought me to Carolina Sporting Arms.\n\nSimilarly stocked with accessories in a neatly organized manner, a sales guy was immediately able to help point me to what I was looking for. And I found that here too, it's very expensive compared to Internet pricing. So that's two.\n\nIf you're looking for something that cant be shipped FedEx (like a gun or live ammunition) or if there is something you need right away, then here is a good stop. But if you can wait for it, there are any number of sporting goods vendors on the Internet that will save you a bunch of money.	1
I've loved it and recommended it in the past, but no more. The Pizza di Fava arrived with charred pepperoni and the crust was undercooked and soggy. Not to mention , one plate arrived with a green food remnant on it. We will be going back to Grimaldi's.	0
inexpensive doesn't have to mean gross. that place hasn't been cleaned in ages, the baskets hanging from the ceiling are so dustry, it makes me want to vomit. the food is diner-quality and their cooked apples are gross (plus i hate cooked apples). it's small and stuffy and reminds me of a dirty grandmother's house. They need to renovate and revamp the menu. the only reason they're still open is because Montreal has loads of cheapos.	0
This place was my savior when my washing machine packed in between Christmas and New Year. A time of year when repairs do not happen quickly because everyone is too busy eating, drinking and being merry. And quite rightly so! \n\nSo I hurried in here with a bag full of washing and the nice lady took it off me and told me to come back the next day. When I went back everything was cleaned and folded perfectly. It was like having my mum do my laundry again! I used the launderette a couple of times afterward, and occasionally when I come back from a trip and can't be chewed washing and drying a suitcase of clothes. Every time the clothes come back clean (which is the main thing I guess!) and nicely folded. It is nice to have folded laundry now and again! \n\nThis place always has bags and bags full of nicely folded laundry, so I guess it is pretty popular and I can see why.	1
So.. Ordered takeout.. Got home to wrong order.. An inconvenience, but we go back to get our actual order.. 45 minutes late, we get home with our order... and it's screwed up....  I like red robin.. This one seems to have some issues.. Have experienced some issues while eating in as well.. Only gave them another chance because I got a gift card for Christmas....won't be back...	0
This place is ah-mazing.  It's a family-owned business and they came from LA to Arizona to setup shop.  \n\nThe sushi is so yummy.  We had Toro and a rainbow roll.  The quality of fish is excellent.  I also had the udon noodle soup which I split with my mom.  It was the perfect accompaniment to a chilly winter day.  You can split it easily, and they bring you the bowls and spoons to do so.  It even has a soft boiled egg in it! Yummy\n\nThe menu has more than standard rolls, there are a lot of fusion rolls to choose from!\n\nThey also had hot green tea that was so good.\n\nThis place is intimate and welcoming, definitely worth becoming a regular at!	1
Went here for my honeymoon. The air conditioner was making a loud noise when we got to our room at 2:30pm. I called the front desk and asked if we could switch rooms and was told that they would have maintenance come look at the unit. The guy shows up to our room at 10:35pm. He looks at the unit and says that they needed to replace a motor. Said he would come back the next day at 11:00 (Saturday). He never showed up for the rest of our stay. When I checked out (three days later) the clerk at the front desk showed no remorse or apology. Not much good to say about the Luxor. I am sure they were good in their heyday but they really need to get their PR together. The carpet looks old, the elevator felt like it was going to come loose and fall down the shaft. I am DONE with the Luxor and say never again! Thumbs DOWN Luxor #0 on a scale from #1 to #10.	0
OK...So I originally gave this place 5 stars which says there is no place to go, but Walker furniture. I still think the experience of buying furniture was great there. For the most part, I love my furniture. I did research the quality of the sofa and loveseat that we bought and I still believe that was the right purchase for us. On the other hand...the recliner chair that we bought has been a problem. I didn't sit in it until after it was a month old...crazy me... When I did sit in it and reclined, the frame broke. OMG! First time sitting in it (a pricey chair) and it broke. I called Walker and they scheduled someone to come out more than one week later. I got over that. I had to stay home from work for someone to come over. What I can't get over is that they sent a person out to \""check out the situation\"" He came in, looked at the chair, said, yes you have a broken frame and I'll have to call it in. They will schedule someone to come out and pick up the chair to take it back in for repair. So you ask...What am I upset about? So, so many things...#1 The person that comes to \""check out the situation\"" should be prepared to take the furniture with them at that time. #2. I don't want a repaired chair which the frame was broken. #3. Now I\""m going to have to take off work for someone to pick up the chair and take off work for them to return it. As I'm thinking about it and getting angry all over again, I'm going to be forced to give them 1 star instead of the three that I was going to give. (keep in mind that I originally gave them 5 stars)...They don't give you an option to say morning, afternoon or evening. They just give you a 2 hour window of when they will be there. I'm sure most of the people that shop there are working class citizens. Do they think people can take a total of four days off of work (original delivery + 3 days for repair) for something that was not the customer's fault. Well, I take that back...It was my fault. If I hadn't sat in the darn chair, it would not have broken...So, to make a long story short...Walker furniture will not be getting my NEW business EVER again. Actually, they owe me my vacation days that I have to use for buying a piece of \""suspect\"" furniture.	0
Ridiculously amazing show!!!!\n\nHubby and I were completely astonished! \n\nSat in the \""premium seats (the middle between splash zone and VIP)\"" section A, H 15&16.  Considered the VIP section but after seeing the seats, don't think they're really worth it...they seat further back but the seats are rather lush.  Guess it really boils down to whether or not you really want the champagne!\n\nSaw some people in the splash zone move up to the 'premium seats' shortly after the first gig - I'd pay the extra $30 to not sit in the splash zone...but if you can choose seats in the 2nd row up I guess its good savings? I prefer Orchestra like seats so H did us just fine.\n\nDon't look up any videos on this!  It's best to go in with no expectations...get ready to be blown away!! :)	1
Came here last night (Tuesday) to see the Great Gatsby. LOVED the film but on to the theatre.\n\nIt smelled so musty and closed up. I've been to dollar movie theatres that have smelled nicer. A lot of trash on the floor so somebody was not doing their job. Seats need a general makeover- the fabric is torn completely on some of them. The screen had 2 rips in them which was pretty just annoying since it was near the center. Me and my friend were in the theatre with only 2 other people so it was nice not worrying about other people. \n\nI would never recommend this theatre to anyone. Paying $8 (yay student discount) for a theatre like this- UM NO.	0
Found this place while driving outside the airport before I had to catch a flight. Was tired of eating at the usual places in the airport, so ventured out and found a good meal.  I got there ~5:30 on a Friday, so the place was almost empty, decor was nice, somewhat upscale w/o being too stuffy, and the staff courteous and attentive.\n\nI perused the menu for anything that would catch my eye, nothing stood out, seemed more or less your typical Italian menu. So I looked over the featured three-course meal - starter, entree and dessert for $30, where you pick one in each category, figured why not.  I ordered the lobster gnocchi, ribeye w/ red wine sauce and tiramisu. On top of that they had some nice touches of a higher-end restaurant, complimentary tomato brushetta and mango sorbet before the entree. The gnocchi was the best - the vodka sauce was light yet present, steak was undercooked in some parts and tiramisu was good  though espresso was faint if there at all.\n\nOverall, I thought this was a very good deal for the food, service and amenities.  If I had to pay more, it be more like a 3-star, but if you can take advantage of the three-course special, it's well worth it.	1
MGM is pricey...well the main \""strip\"" of Vegas in casinos are pricey! Drinks here are $10 and up. We had a free drink coupon when we checked in, so we spent it here. 1 drink coupon of $15 = 1 free drink here. The drinks were OK only...I've had better elsewhere.	0
Overrated. Big time.\n\nTo be fair, I do not like deep dish or Chicago style pizza. But I figured I would see if I had changed my mind. I haven't.\n\nWait is WAY too long, pizza is boring and you may as well eat bread with sauce and cheese on the side. \n\nWill not be visiting again.	0
Major Upgrade to this gym!	1
Terrible place for families w Young kids.  We tried eating here 2 different times...first time they wouldn't seat us or even acknowledge that we were waiting to be seated while taking groups who came in after us.  We have 2 small kids and were hard to miss, so we assumed the young staff does not like kids...(less drink sales?)\nSecond time we got seated and the host and waiter both left me standing in the middle of the room with a baby waiting for a high chair...they went over to other tables and totally forgot about us....while Im standing and looking right at them!\n\nMaybe its not about the kids we had in tow, but service sucks regardless.  NEVER again.	0
Another in a seemingly endless series of completely shitty, cookie-cuter Chinese restaurants.  The food at this place makes Panda Garden look like a *REAL* Chinese restaurant.  The \""potstickers\"" are really \""deep fryer\"" stickers and are so glutenous you could use them to plug holes in your boat.  There is nothing even remotely authentic or even edible in this armpit.\n\nAvoid Asian House like the plague. Thoroughly vile.  If you would like a REAL, AUTHENTIC Chinese meal, head over to Ichiban on Park Street.  That place will knock your socks off.\n\nIf you ever find yourself thinking about eating here, head up the street to McDonalds where the food is both more nutritious and has more flavor.	0
I heard good and bad stuff about Paris Hotel & Casino.  I was there for Weds and Thursday this week.  My feeling is that Paris is a good hotel and there service was good.  Paris Hotel is not a huge Hotel & Casino but still big enough .  Next time when you are in Vegas go check out Paris Las Vegas Hotel & Casino.	1
One word that describes Thai Spices is \""meh\"".  \n\nLocated in MeKong Plaza, it took over the old BoCa 7 space.  When walking in the place, you'll notice its nice decor.  alas, it was left behind by the previous tenant (yes that is real gold wall paper fyi).  The place was quiet for a Friday night and we came there for my bday.  Apparently happy hour is extended till 7:30pm but its not stated or noted anywhere.  Since we had a big party, we ordered a multiple of their appetizers.  The most notable ones are surprisingly not thai related.  The crab puffs were very unique and good as well as the calamari rings.  Who would of thought the secret sause (thousand island) would make a diffrence.  After that, everything pretty much went down hill from there.  The thai dishes were not very good.  We had the pad thai, a little on the sweet side, plus the portions are a little small.  Also the green curry was salty, i have a very salty palate, but even this was more than my liking.  But it was good though, good with rice that is.  Also even though we got it \""mild\"" it still had a healthy kick of spices.  The Thai fried rice was also mediocre and a lil on the oily side.  The Tom Yum soup was good.  Again nothing special but atleast it didnt taste off.  Again this was a lil on the salty side too.  The only notable dish that we had was the Papaiya salad with salted crab.  That has a unique after taste.  \n\nSo in review, if you were at MeKong Plaza and had a craving for Thai food, then lucky you.  But its not a place you'd actually actively seek out if you werent literally already there.  \n\nPros:\n-happy hour specials daily 4 to 7:30Pm (supposedly)\n-great happy hour specials that are actually delish!\n- great decor hahahha\n\nCons:\n- food is sub par\n- thai specialties are sub par\n- thai tea wasnt a home run.\n- prices are not reflective of the quality and quantity.	0
customer service at this company is ZERO. They just don't care.\nOnline system, zero as well. They always put something online that is not available at the store nor online and you have to run around calling stores and the warehouse to find out at the end that it is not in stock.\nAlso they don't respond to any of the emails that you send and when trying to call the head office you always get the voice mail.\nUnprofessional, unacceptable and RIDICULOUS!	0
The saying \""wash your veggies before you eat them\"" takes on a whole new meaning for me today.  The lettuce in my taco tasted like dish water! The taste was an instant turn off. \nI no longer go in to eat as the overwhelming smell of bad meat hits you as you walk in the door!  \nThe beans on the nachos reminds me of mud and tastes about the same. \nTruly a fast food place with increasingly nasty food every time I go.	0
I recently discovered this place and I really like it. I ordered the turkey sandwich which comes with cheese,avocado ...etc on walnut cranberry bread. Needless to say I've been back three times since and ordered the same thing. The only thing they they may want to work on is getting the food out faster. I personally don't mind the wait time but a few other people I recommended it to told me they had to wait quite a while for their to-go orders. I say, worth the wait! Yummy! I hope they eventually expand the menu and have more salad options like chinese chicken salad...etc. It makes sense to add more low carb options to the menu since they're located in the same plaza as Gold's gym. \n\nAnyway.....yum, yum, yum! Go and try it for yourself!	1
Absolutely GREAT service. Its PACKED because everyone knows this is a hot spot. Locals and visitors alike. Waited about 20-30 minutes. Not bad considering theres always 2 or more parties waiting it seems. Breakfast was less than $30 for two people plus 3 drinks. Huge portions. The most expensive thing on their menu is a 1 pound meat burger and the chicken fried steak. Nothing is over $12. Avg meal is $8. Great greeter, jokes around and is super friendly. going back tomorrow before we head back home.	1
Worst customer service ever!	0
Thai Style Noodle House in Summerlin :) I have been going to their 2 other locations for over a year now and am glad they now have one closer to me! \n\nGreat food! Good prices! Who can beat that!	1
Sugar Factory, I had such high hopes for you! And you let me down... and I'm a sugar addict!\n\nDon't get me wrong, like others have stated SF has wonderful desserts.  There are a variety of baked goods, candies, ice creams, and other sugary goodness, but the food in the cafe was OK at best.\n\nWe ordered the macaroni and cheese pops (the only tasty item I had all night besides dessert). They were amazing! The sauce is off the chain! (Do people even say that anymore?) Definitely order these. You will NOT be disappointed. \n\nI also started off with a Lollipop Passion Goblet cocktail. It was overpriced and full of ice (and dried ice)! It was $36 and I didn't even get a buzz (weak)! They have a variety of different goblets available, with a hefty price tag and no pay off, I was reluctant to order another cocktail.\n\nFor dinner I ordered the French Dip which was tasteless and bland. Pretty much the worst French Dip I've ever had. My best friend had their sliders, which were okay. Nothing special. My mom had a pasta, which I tried and we both agreed it was flavorless. My sister ordered the BBQ pizza which was pretty dang good, but not mind blowing. We were all pretty disappointed with our over priced food and under performing beverages.\n\nWe ordered dessert, we got the cookie jar sundae. It had every type of cookie on it, plus ice cream, and lots of fresh whipped cream. It was delightful. And definitely meant to be shared. This ended the meal on a nice note.\n\nThe service was excellent. The restaurant was clean. The entire staff was awesome. No complaints here on that end. \n\nI had such high hopes for this place! I really did, but it's a more expensive, less tasty version of the Cheesecake Factory.  As for people saying this place is fancy, give me a break. There were all walks of life here. The girls and guys going to the club, the grandmas, the Europeans with their fanny packs, and every other class and creed.\n\nStop in and get dessert and then bounce. There is a candy shop, a bar, and a chocolate lounge in this same space as well.\n\nSorry Sugar Factory, you just aren't that sweet.	0
I used to like this place but it appears that the entire staff changed including the cooks. I ordered the salt and pepper shrimp because it's delicious. This time they battered and fried the shrimp with the shell still on. It totally defeats the purpose of battering the shrimp. You bite into it and your mouth is greeted by a shell. In order to eat the shrimp, you have to peel the shell an batter off. Makes no sense. I was told by the new manager Britney that it's always how its prepared. I dont believe it. I've ordered this dish before and it was never like this. Well ay least the shrimp on my Singapore noodles were peeled...	0
Another place my dad and I hit while staying in Pittsburgh in May of 2012.  Came here on recommendation of a couple people who worked at the Sheraton Station where my dad and I were staying.  \n\nEveryone we talked to at the hotel about this place recommended the Delmonico steak sandwich.  They all said basically the same thing.  \""It's what a Philly cheese steak  aspires to be\"".   I'm not sure if this is just a Pittsburgh v Philly rivalry thing.  None the less, it was a good sandwich.\n\nI also had the Gazpacho soup.  That was just what the doctor ordered.  \n\nWe sat out on the patio on a warm sunny evening and enjoyed a beer and sandwich.  \n\nAs with every place I went in Pittsburgh, the people were awesome.	1
This place gets five stars for the customer service alone! They are always on point, happy and friendly. The service is quick and the espresso beverages are quite delicious. Try the Iced Cocomo.. Add an extra shot!	1
Driver forgot the sauces and I waited over hour and a half for my delivery. I'm pretty sure he was on drugs cuzz he had blood shot eyes. ... I'm probably never ordering pizza from here ever again..	0
Restaurant is nice, and service ok.\nAs a meat lover I never tasted anything that horrible as their prime rib cowboy entree serving.\nChoose another restaurant !!\nPaul	0
Why is everybody complaining about the size of this restaurant? That's the size, deal with it or take your food to go. And kids? Really, you're on the West side of Madison, buddy...deal with it! But, i do admit it gets busy, but who doesn't like a busy restaurant? That means the food is good, right?\n\nYour bill  can go quite high if you add a protein (chicken, shrimp, beef, tofu, and just recently new meatballs).\n\nOnly complaint, potstickers are terrible, they have no flavor. They look delicious, but do not be fooled. My favorite dish (and of many others) is the penne rosa.  \n\nExcept a crowd around lunchtime, and expect kids...when in doubt!\n\nOh, and great staff here, always friendly and fast!	1
Funny how such an old, small, non-glamorous casino can get a solid 4 star rating.  Anyway, I only go to Bill's for two reasons:  Drai's Afterhours and The Victorian Room for some 24-Hour food.  Don't let the old casino look deceive you, this place is the bizness.	1
Much of my criticism and compliments have already been detailed very nicely by others, so I will just summarize in bullet points.\n\n1. Great location for walkers, inconvenient for those driving from other neighborhoods. Given that it is geared toward the neighborhood and repeat customer base... (see number 2)\n2. Very limited menu selection. Literally turned the menu over to see what was on the back, only to find it empty, thought to myself, 'is this a kids' menu?' Turns out that is what everyone at the table was thinking too.\n3. In response to my request for a drink list, our server replied, \""We have every beer you can think of in bottle.\"" False. Who wants to play the game, \""Do you have {insert beer}\"" repeatedly in a noisy crowded restaurant? Write it down or memorize it and be able to tell me all of them.\n4. A basket of individually wrapped saltine crackers like one would find at a salad bar is NOT an acceptable bread item to serve with hot crab dip. Just cut the carrots and celery into adult human size, give enough of them, and/or add some nice crostini.\n5. The clam chowder is very good.\n6. The shrimp fritters are pretty good.\n\nI am interested to see if the owners read their own reviews and improve the quality of food and service. It really is a great location, and I so eagerly awaited their opening.	0
Eines der sch\u00f6nsten Caf\u00e9s in Karlsruhe mit au\u00dfergew\u00f6hnlicher Innenarchitektur in einem sch\u00f6nen Jugendstilgeb\u00e4ude in der N\u00e4he des Schloss' gelegen. \nKleine Karte mit leckeren italienischen Gerichten und neben gutem Kaffee auch sehr feinem Tee. Kuchen nicht auf Niveau einer feinen Konditorei sondern eher wie bei Muttern. Ordentliches Fr\u00fchst\u00fcck.\nPublikum: Werktags u.a. meist einige Richter und Anw\u00e4lte oder deren Mandanten auf dem Weg von oder zu den in der N\u00e4he gelegenen Gerichten und Menschen mit einem Sinn f\u00fcr \u00c4sthetik. Am Wochenende zahlreiche Museumsbesucher: Badischer Kunstverein, Staatliche Kunsthalle und Orangerie gleich um die Ecke.	1
Our family loves FROST!  I personally don't like how much it costs for the 5 of us to go so for that reason we keep it a special treat.\n\nThe staff is so friendly and sweet.  Always a nice touch!\n\nI'm somewhat addicted to the cheesecake gelato with strawberry sorbet either in a cup, cone or shake I can't seem to order anything different!!  \n\nTheir flavors are authentic and surprisingly low in calories and fat!  Bonus for the waistline!!	1
I'm a spicy kind of guy in general. I love bold, intense, exotic spices. Those aren't the kind you find on typical grocery store shelves. That poses a dilemma perhaps? But wait!! Penzey's to the rescue!! Talk about a stroll through the spice markets around the world, the aromas of some of nature's finest herbs hitting you in the face as you lift the lids of the remarkable sample jars. Man, this is good. \n\nThey have everything. Things I never heard of and variations of typical spices. We just picked up some jerk pork spice and some strong black peppercorns since I am a black pepper lover. It's not your McCormick spice container for sure. If that's what you want, head to Walmart. If you want to walk on the wild side for a bit, come to penzey's. And buckle up.	1
This place was ok. The decor is nice and the ladies lounge is super cute! \n\nThe only thing I would like to tell everyone is to pay attention to how much the bartenders charge you and how much change they give you back!\n\nThere is more than one bar. I went to the main bar and got Coconut Ciroc on the rocks and it was 14 dollars. I went to one of the smaller bars and ordered the same thing and I was charged 19 dollars.  \n\nAlso, at the main bar, rather than give my friends all thier change and let them decide what to tip the bartender, he attempted to take his own tip out and give them the rest after he took his tip! This was crazy. I am not sure it was just a bad night. \n\nOther than that I was there on a Saturday, the music was good and the crowd was okay. If you are not into the big clubs this place is okay not too big and not too small and you still get the club experience.	0
Don't stay at the LVH in Las Vegas. I have stayed at the hotel for 8 years while attending a trade show and it has slowly gotten worse. \n\nWhen Hilton had the property it was a great place. Now the staff is aloof and rude. It is poorly maintained (had a runny faucet that was never fixed during an 8 day stay after daily complaints), errors in reservations, requests ignored, and you have to fight through the hookers at night to get to the elevators.\n\nOn top of all this one is barraged all over the hotel by time-share sales pitches.\n\nSave yourself the pain and stay away from the LVH.	0
It was OK, nothing special.  The portions were pretty good, but overall, I felt it was on the pricey side for what was offered.	0
This place is kind of disgusting. The furniture is dirty, nasty, and looks like it hasn't been replaced in 25 years. When you take a shower water came up to my ankles and there was crud in it. Grossss. The upside of this hotel is not the rooms, but the casino itself. Yes it is older and kind of ghetto, but the dealertainers were very entertaining, we even ran into \""Michael Jackson\"" in the elevator and had a little chat with him. I wouldn't ever stay in a room here again, but its not a bad place to check out and play some poker with the dealertainers.	0
I have been to two Americas taco shops and both were good but this location was a little better. They also have the yelp check I. For free chips which is awesome. I love the chips they remind me if the chips from Taco del Mar. The bean burrito is good. The tacos seem to vary depending on how long the meat is cooked. Defiantly a place to check out if you like Mexican food in the style of chipotle or taco del mar.	1
Gross. Go support a real Italian restaurant.	0
It's almost comical how bad this place is. It's all been said before me, but here's just some of what makes this a horrible place to stay. \n\n1) no AC. I came in January so no REAL need for it except that both rooms I had were set to 80 degrees at check in and it took forever to cool down with the warm air just circulating. \n\n2) absolutely and completely filthy. There were crumbs on the furniture and rando hairs all over the bathroom in both rooms I tried. 2nd room smelled like 20 years of smoking have been going on. \n\n3) The phones in my 2nd room didn't work very well and when I finally got to my messages it was just a sales pitch from Embassy Suites. \n\n4) elevators are unbelievably slow. Prepare to wait. \n\n5) fridge in my first room was so loud I could hear it in the bedroom with the door closed and tv on. \n\n6) stupid \""automatic\"" deadbolts. When I'm staying in a 3rd world hotel like this I'd really like the satisfying click of an actual deadbolt to let me know the door is secure. \n\nIn summation, this place is just awful.	0
Really? What exactly are they famous for??\n\nAfter living in Glendale for about 5 years, seeing people drive around with Pete's bumper stickers, and detouring around 55th and Glendale at rush hour because the drive-through line backs up into the road, we finally tried this. In the end I just have to ask what all of their \""fans\"" are thinking.\n\nThe fish that's so famous looks and tastes like something you might get from the frozen food section of the store. But only if you got the cheapest store brand possible and made sure it was a SQUARE patty of frozen breaded fish. The fish sandwich was one of the aforementioned fish patties on a cheapo hamburger bun with a smear of sauce. The fries were questionable. Honestly, I'd rather eat fish at Long John Silver's than eat here again.	0
I used to work here in the Forum Shops and was one of those anticipating for Carmine's to open and finally got to try them out last week. I came here with a party of 11 to celebrate my aunt's birthday. I must say my aunt and her family are from NY and have eaten at the Carmine's there, so the expectations were set pretty high. I do love the inside of the place especially how the high raised ceilings have all sorts of pictures hanging on the walls. If only the restaurant was in a stand alone building then it would truly give that Manhattan feel. Before anything was served we noticed that the plates were at the end of the table, my aunt expected the server to place each plate in front of us because that's what the server did in NY. It didn't happen, so I guess here it's more of a self serve concept. My beverage of choice was the strawberry lemonade since another review mentioned how good and tart it was. She was right I did enjoy the tartness(tasted similar to Red Robbin's Freckled Lemonade), too bad it's not free refill because I sure did finish that drink before the food was served.\n\nSo here is the break down of the food:\n\nCarmine's salad- I liked all the additional toppings in this salad like berries, nuts, and salami if I remember correctly. We had 2 salads and assumed they were the same because they looked very similar. After tasting both we realized the other one was a mixed green salad. I prefer Carmine's salad and say it's worth the $3 difference. \n\nCalamari- pretty standard, wasn't too greasy and the breading was like how I've had it at other Italian restaurants.   \n\nZuppa Di Clams (white)- I am not a fan of clams but my brother convinced me to try the last piece and I was pleasantly surprised. If you enjoy clams I definitely would recommend this dish, pretty delicious I must say. The sauce for the clams was so good we saved it to put on our pasta.\n\nBroiled porterhouse steak- this was really delicious and I thought it was perfectly cooked with various pieces being rare and medium (refer to the picture). One of the better cuts of steak I've had from a restaurant. Warning this is pricey, costing $80.\n\nChicken Scarpariello- I read from another review recommending this dish and when we ordered it the server said they were out?! I was shocked at first because I've never heard of a chicken dish running out at a restaurant. Thankfully she came back and said they still had it. It was cooked in a buttery sauce, probably my favorite dish of the night and reasonably price. I will definitely order this the next time I come back. \n\nThere was a pasta dish we ordered but I can't remember what the name was. Next time I come, I'll also order the Rigatoni & Broccoli as recommended by another yelper. According to my aunt and her husband the food was a little on the salty side, but still a good quality in comparison to the one in NY. However the service was lacking. I really want to come back but it probably won't be any time soon. This place was pricey so I'll have to find a special occasion to come here for.	1
Well we finally tried this Arizona landmark. Everything that you've heard is true. Food is mediocre, organ and room is entertaining. The building is all pipes! It resembles an Octoberfest Brewhaus, with a balcony, and long tables with seating in the round. You pay cash for your food and wait to see your number on a board. You then go pick it up and walk it upstairs. Not ideal but ok. \n\nFood was blah. Organist and atmosphere was something we haven't seen before. \n\nEvery one at the table said, so we got this place outta the way. Meaning we've all been trying to experience it. We have. Now we can move on. It's hard to say if I'll go back.	1
I agree with two of the other reviewers - this place is horrible.  We ordered fish and shrimp combo.  It was over deep fried and crispy - almost brick like.  I had never seen shrimp so over breaded and cooked that you don't recognize it as shrimp underneath.\n\nThe monster burger was ok, nothing special but piled on with so many condiments (that I was not asked if i wanted) that is was dripping like liquid.  \n\nAnd you have to pay extra for the sauces!!!  What?	0
To get this out quickly, the food is ohh so fried. I personally attempt to regulate my fried intake, and hush puppies will be a once in a blue moon treat. but what a treat it is. \n\nI HATE catfish, yet somehow hush puppies has managed to convince me the devils fish is not only edible, but tasty. The meat is not at all gritty, and the batter is fantastic. you can order both fresh and farm raised catfish too! \n\nalligator tail is also very tasty. I like me some Ali tail, and hush puppies does not disappoint. Not too chewy, and not overly battered. Fantastic.\n\nFinally.....Sweet Potato Pie! Can't find good sweet slice outside the south, so just offering this made me happy. If you like sweet potatoes, and you like pie, you will like sweet potato pie. Makes sense right?\n\nP.S Crab legs. Yes, crab legs. And they are generous with them. You get the good legs, not the shriveled legs from the lazy crab that never does push ups. These legs have meat on their bones....or shells, or under the shells....whatever.	1
I am very disappointed and angry with the way the general manager, Jerry, treated me at this Taco Bell. He called me a liar and humiliated me in front of neighbors and customers who happened to be visiting the restaurant at the same time. He should be reprimanded for his treatment and mismanagement of a long-time customer, such as myself. \n\nThis is the situation: Last week I placed a sizable order through their drive-thru and when I got home, two of the items that I special ordered were made incorrectly. I live about 20 minutes drive away and did not feel like going all the way back out just for two items, and in addition to the drive and gas cost, I am also handicapped and it is difficult for me to get out and go. I called the location and explained the mishap to the person on the phone who stated they were the manager, who apologized and asked if I could come back to have the items remade. I explained that it was a 20 minute drive each way and I was handicapped and would prefer not to have to go back out that late at night. The manager said no problem and told me they would write my name down so I could have the two items replaced on my next  visit. \n\nOn Feb 13th, about a week after the initial incident, I went into the store to request my two items that were to be replaced on my next visit. After waiting for almost 10 minutes to speak to a manager, I was finally able to speak to a female manager who was clearly not the person in charge because she said she was unable to find my name in their \""book\"" and told me I would have to speak to the general manager Jerry. I watched the woman I spoke with go back to making food, and I could see her speaking to a gentleman across the line from her, who I later found out was the general manager, Jerry. After she spoke to him and told him that I was waiting in the front to speak with him, he continued to make food for at least 7 more minutes before he decided to grace me with his presence. Meanwhile, I am standing in the front of the store, having issues because I walk with a cane and cannot stand for long. After several minutes and seeing that he clearly did not care if I was attended to or not, I had to sit down and wait because I could no longer stand. \n\nAfter about 7-8 minutes (17-18 total minutes from the time I entered the store and asked to speak to a manager) Jerry finally came up to the front. I explained what happened and that the female manager was unable to find my name in their book. At that point, without even looking in the \""book\"" himself, Jerry said, \""I'm sorry, your name is not in the book so there is nothing I can do for you.\"" I replied, \""Ok, so, are you saying that you are not going to replace my items that were incorrectly made? He responded, \""That's right!\"" I was really aggravated at this point. I had stood there and waited  almost 20 minutes for this! I said, \""I am really angry that you wasted my time like this, it is the responsibility of the store to write down this information and not my fault that someone did not do their job.\"" He replied, \"" If it isn't in here, then you didn't call. You could be lying just to get free food for all I know. How am I supposed to know it actually happened the way you said it did?\"" I WAS LIVID!!!!!!!! To make matters worse, my neighbors were standing there because they happened to be visiting the restaurant at the same time. I was furious and humiliated. I told him, \""Just forget about it, I will take this up with your manager.\"" I asked for his name and left. As I was walking out the door, I turned around to see him laughing! This is absolutely inexcusable behavior for any employee, let alone a general manager!\n\nI went home and called to make a formal complaint about this to his district manager. I hope they do something about this man! How dare he insinuate that I would lie and make up a story to get two measly food items free when I had to drive 20 minutes each way and spend at least $10 in gas to get there! Never again. As long as this man is working at this restaurant, I will never return. I can almost guarantee you that I am not the only person he has mistreated and I won't be the last. People like that have a sense of entitlement and an attitude that berates others and empowers only his own self-inflated ego.	0
Poor service !!! \n Cold appetizers ( frozen) lack luster attitude from staff . \n Will not come back !  Get better service from sizzler.	0
I wish I could give this place 10 stars!  \n\nYou just can't find food like this in Las Vegas!  I've lived in Vegas for 12 years now and when I found this jewel, I just can't stop coming back!\n\nThe rice balls are out of this world!  Penne vodka, bolognese, fettucini carbonara...all the amazing dishes I miss from back home in NJ....\n\nThe only downside is that I know I've gained a few pounds since I started coming because I just can't resist those rice balls!  :)	1
The service was great. Love the martini. The women were so helpful. Cite place!	1
Eggstasy restaurant is finally open! Had a nice, BIG, breakfast there this morning, just to be sure.  The hash browns are the best, nice mix of crunch and generous seasoning for excellent flavor. The Benedict with crispy prosciutto was recommended by my server and was a great selection, prosciutto was thinly sliced and cooked up like bacon, only crispier, and smokier. The poached egg (just the very teensiest, slightest bit underdone) and hollandaise (very lemony, yum!), over a monster of an English muffin from a local bakery. Portions were HUGE - half of my Bene and most of the hash browns are in the fridge for tomorrow. Service was excellent! Hostess, waiter (Junior), co-owner/manager, and water servers were very attentive, friendly, anxious to please, and delighted to share all the details on anything related to the menu or local restaurant biz. Like that the terrific and spongy English muffin came from Strictly From Scratch bakery, who are also the suppliers for Scramble and recently bought Chompie's. Who knew?\nCan't wait to return and try some of the funky crepes and omelets on offer!\nAlso:  Coffee is strong and good and plentiful, but needs to come with a spoon for stirring in cream.	1
Don't go to this pet salon.  They completely destroyed my dogs private parts and blamed it on my dog that he was too fidgety. My poor dog is still a puppy and now his private area is not healing properly!!	0
We had pretty disappointing service here and the food was not worth the price we paid.  The hostesses were not very accommodating when we replied that no, we did not have a reservation.  We noticed there were plenty of open tables in the restaurant ... perhaps those were in fact for people who had reservations.  They told us we could sit in the bar or their next available opening was at 9:30 p.m. (no thanks), so we sat in the bar.\n\nThe salad I ordered was only lettuce with dressing and a piece of toast with sardines on it.  How that constitutes a salad worth paying more than a couple of bucks for I don't know.  Our friend's pasta came out with a hair in it so she sent it back.  We waited a while to get a fresh plate out.  In the meantime, we asked several times for new silverware and no one could seem to be bothered to bring us new silverware so we got up and got it ourselves from their cabinet.  The other plates we ordered were mediocre at best - nothing to write home about.\n\nOverall this was very disappointing.  We often stay at the Palazzo and it is nice to have a convenient restaurant in the hotel, but we will not be eating here again.  Would recommend spending this kind of money somewhere else!	0
This dump is an absolute nightmare and Mike Lorenzi is thief. He gave me an estimate to fix my starter at $320 then called me up and said it needed a new pump and it would be an additional $493, when we came down to pick the car up he said he also replaced some sort of regulator and a belt and the bill was now $2,487 and said he couldn't get ahold of me and my wife authorized it. I paid it cause I needed the car to go to an important meeting right away and he was saying it had to be done and he saved me over $1,000 had I taken it somewhere else. Later I found out my wife didn't authorize it. After about a month I started having problems again and took it back and he said he was too busy to work on it so I took my car to another mechanic who said he didn't replace all that he said and the belt looked like it was taken off another vehicle. The mechanic felt he had ripped us off. We will be taking him to court.	0
Terry and Carlos were great!! They were professional they knew exactly what to do. My husband called in for a couples or back to back one hour deep tissue massage. their hands were very well trained. Our wait was minimum. One thing I loved was that they pointed out which bed was going to be taken care of by which therapist and left us to undress. It showed they were sensitive to customer preference of the gender of the therapist in clients. So my husband picked the male therapist while I the female. The massage was agony because I had amazing no of knots but it is what needs to be healed. Terry knew Sciatica and she knew medical massage techniques of stretches that loosen the vicious knot in my left shoulder blade that triggered the pain. The hot towels were great and the hot stone on the bad knot really soothed the pain and got the blood going. Ongoing visits are capped at $49 which is very reasonable for the quality of massage. We give it a 5 star!!!!	1
Friday night Seafood Buffet at this local's buffetis is very good. Hot and cold crab stations with plenty of other excellent choices. The clam chowder was mislabeled as Manhatten instead of New England so it's good that I am nosy, it was great. The desert selection was a bit sparse but adequate. It's been awhile since I've visited the Silverton, it won't be as long until next time.  I have to admit that I had a twofer from the Las Vegas Advisor so it tasted even better at half the $23.95 regular price.	1
Given the proximity to other very similar restaurants on this block, pick the other restaurants over this one.  Owned by the kids of Kabul (across the street), Maza is just a mediocre version of Kabul and only $1-3 cheaper.  The service was terrible (though I went only a month or two after it opened, so that may have improved), they charge for a very small amount of bread, which is a bummer when you have a larger group of people, and the food is pretty average.  If you are in the mood for this kind of food, go across the street to Kabul where the food is reliably very delicious.	0
Went here to ship some stuff for our relatives. I stood there for a good five minutes before being helped, even thug there was no one else in the store. After that some lady tried to tell me that the couldn't ship dry ice. I told her that it wasn't dry ice, it was just ice packets. Then she said I would have to buy one of their boxes even though what I had brought in was perfectly wrapped. Finished up by just walking out of the store, and the lady helping me just turned her back and walked away as if this was the most normal thing in the world to happen in an exchange with a customer. We went back two weeks ago trying to ship some pots back in a box that the manufacturer actually sent to us, and it had a \""place shipping label here\"" box on it. They said that it was not acceptable and that we would have to buy one of their boxes. We left and went to our normal PostNet on Flamingo and they just said, \""Sure\"" and shipped it. Total rip off. \n\nStay away from this place.	0
I recently stay at the flamingo and it was awful. Awful customer service. Just absolute crap! Don't stay at this hotel!!!!!	0
Red chille Carne is the best. Every Wednesday they have special priced menu where meals are 7.95 and kids eat for 1.50. Such a great deal and it is very filling. The food is always fresh and hot when they sever you. Bean dip and salsa with chips when u first arrive, um I'm good. Definitely recommend this place for any occasion.	1
So, I decided to try the Flatizza, BIG MISTAKE. Had enough pizza sauce on it to make a large real pizza. The flatbread was so hard I couldn't eat it and the cheese was cheddar not mozzarella.	0
My wife just loves this place for breakfast. We decided to try it out for dinner. The roasted duck was a bit on the dry side. Had the sauce on the side which wasn't enough to finish my meal and the vegetables was cooked perfectly. My wife's crab cakes were okay and the sweet potato fries were waffle cut and excellent . \nOur waitress was extremely friendly and made sure we had everything we needed. Even the owner stopped by and chatted with us.\nAll in all we thought the meal was a bit pricey, but would definitely be back for breakfast.	1
Excellent buffet. My family and I went for the lobster/wine buffet on Sunday night. Got in with minimal waiting. I'm a red wine snob, so tried both red and white and opted for the Chardonnay, as the Malbec served was weaker in flavor. The lobster came quickly was served hot, tender and moist. The salads were fantastic... watermelon with jicama, tomatoes with figs, marinated mushrooms with garlic & peppers, and a medley of olives, cornichons, garlic & rosemary. Nice sushi selection for apps, but basic rolls, nothing unusual. Massive amts of crab legs with fresh lemon and drawn butter. The Asian green bean and beef entree was seasoned well and veggies crisp and flavorful. The lobster ravioli was delicious and very  gourmet. The tandoori chicken, naan and curry were great! The roasted veggies had pitty-pans (baby squash) which are pretty pricey at the market.The lamb was overcooked for my taste and difficult to get a rare slice. All in all very well done with minimal disappointments. Not  a huge selection for dessert, but all we tried was light and tasty. Service was ok... seemed understaffed for as pricey as it is! Nice fresh and light decor and very clean. Not your standard buffet fare, so important to go with an open mind willingness to try! I would definitely go again!	1
Good value.\nFriendly staff.\nCourse is on the easier side, but I like it.\n\nDepending on your budget, this may be the most suitable option in town.  I would play again.	1
On September 6, 2014, a friend and I faced one of the worst meals of our lives.  The seafood enchiladas were soggy mushed fish in soggier tortillas, and they were repulsive.  Imagine putting canned tuna through a blender, and that's what our food looked like.  I counted only 2 whole shrimp, and I never saw a sign of crabmeat.  Don't waste your money and your time at SDC.  Far better food is available at a Rubio's that serves tasty fish tacos and other fish treats.  You'll pay far less at Rubio's, and you'll enjoy well-prepared food.	0
If you're looking for ideas for Valentine's Day -- check out Francois Payard's lovely patisserie and restaurant...\n\nFrancois is incredible (I'm a fan of his food and blessed that he's a friend of mine and my husband's)  -- and while he's in New York running his business, he is blessed to have Gregoire (who was the exec pastry chef of Mix -- Ducasse's outpost at Mandalay) at the helm.  Greg brought the precious and talented Dyan Ng with him -- she understudied with Greg at Mix -- but began her career with Eric Klein in Beverly Hills at Maple Drive.  (Eric  heads up Spago Vegas now...).   \n\nIt's not just about chocolate and pastries here -- granted the shop is a impressive-- if you didn't know, you'd expect them to be selling the finest jewels here, the shop is so gorgeous (but a lot more delicious than Tiffany -- for some women at least!)  In addition to the lovely shop, there is a terrific restaurant - the layout here seems more formal than in his NYC location -- but don't be intimidated.  They're working hard here -- breakfast, lunch, dinner and post-show dessert!  Tasting menus!  Incredible wine list -- terrific champagnes! It's small and intimate -- and oh so very very French.  Think Left Bank (if you can tune out the sturm and drang of the casino floor...) without having to speak the language.   Bon Appetit!	1
This buffet was disgusting. I have never wasted so much food in my life. Everything was very bland. Flavorless. Even the desserts were a huge let down. A bunch of nasty cupcakes and flan that tasted like nothing at all. Don't waste your money here.	0
Had a very good dinner last night, good service very friendly staff. We had the Marsala and pasta special and would recommend both	1
After looking at all the Yelp reviews, I knew this place was either gonna be a hit or a miss. We basically just wanted a place to sleep since we were planning to be out pretty much the whole weekend. So we decided to go the economic route and gambled on this hotel. Well, let's just say, it was definitely a miss for us. Economic or not, we won't be coming back here again.\n\nPros: \n-Room cost is relatively cheap compared to other hotels. \n-I heard they renovated, so the rooms LOOKED decent. \n-Check-in and -out was pretty fast for us, BUT the line was quickly forming behind us. \n\nCons: \n-The bathroom sink's drain was closed and there was no way of opening it. The sink was quickly filling up with water we used to wash our faces. Gross.\n-The bathroom/shower was small and stuffy with no fans or windows.\n-The AC SUCKED. I woke up so many times throughout the night because I was so hot, not to mention, IT WAS LOUD. \n-They charge you $10 for resort fee PER NIGHT plus tax or whatever else they charged because my CC came back and it was $11.30 per night.\n-Not much of a resort. Our apt complex's pool was about the same size. I didn't bother going, but I could see it from our room. It was sad. I paid $22 for NOT using their crummy \""resort\"". Nope, you can't opt out. \n-$5 parking fee. You can get that back at the front desk when you check in, and they'll give you a parking permit.	0
Its a racket.	0
Authentic Mexican food. They make their lemonade the hispanic way with limes. Soooo good. Crowded during peak hours of lunch and dinner. No alcohol, but the food is the best. Looking for good Mexican food this is your spot. Nothing on the menu will go wrong. It is a place to try good quality mexican food.	1
So, the prices are a little higher on most items in the store. The trade-off is that you can ask anyone who works here where to find something, and they will walk with you to the item's location. They'll also ask if they can help you look up some obscure part number for your sprinkler system. The girls working the registers are always friendly and helpful, too.\n\nIf you need a key made or some paint matched or something for your yard or a tool, Ace is so much more convenient and well organized than warehouse stores are and the service just wins.	1
Let me begin with I ordered seafood in a land locked state.  That may have been the problem from the get go.  Shrimp fried rice made me sick and my company that had the chicken didn't enjoy it either.  We threw our leftovers out.	0
I just took my doggie the second time for grooming and it was another great job. I have a 90lbs husky chow mix so he has a lot of fur to clean! Thanks for a great job!	1
Love this local pizza shop! Our family has ordered here for several years, always great service and consistent food.\n\nThe hot sauce tends to be on the hotter side so we only choose the \""mild\"" sauce and it's warm enough.\n\nI would recommend this pizza shop.	1
Happy birthday Mom! We decided to have a pancake breakfast together here. The location is prime because it's near the freeway so if you were low on funds, you can hit the highway! Hahaha jk, don't do that! We were seated quickly and the restaurant seemed a little busy but our server, Claudia, approached us and asked what we wanted to drink. She seemed a little under the weather, but I can understand that. It's raining in Vegas. How many times does it rain here?! 3 times a year? I'll give her a break. We told her it was my \""younger sister's\"" birthday and we got a laugh out of her.\n\nAYCE is the key phrase for this month it seems. $4.99 for AYCE pancakes but if you order a meal from the AYCE menu, it comes with your meal! The pancakes are fluffy and my eggs came out over medium-- just how I ordered them! And it came out faster than I thought! Crispy bacon, flavorful sausage and crispy hash browns! For IHOP, they really give you your money's worth in food and a little more. I'm sure if it wasn't soo gloomy outside, our server would've been a little bit more chipper, but oh wait! Something I didn't know they did at IHOP at all! The servers were huddled in the kitchen area and our server, Claudia, was holding a bowl of ice cream topped with whip cream. And the lead server yells, \""There's a birthday in the house!\"" And I totally forgot we told her it was my mom's birthday! How awesome! It was really a pleasant surprise for my mom and us. Kudos to IHOP's servers and hostess for making my mom's birthday breakfast an awesome one! Happy eating! :)	1
Oh gosh, nasty nasty nasty. This was another one of the bf's great idea. \""Oh, you planned the whole trip. I only have two requests - poutine and orange julep.\"" How could I turn him down?\n\nTraffic was horrendous and we were happy to finally arrive under the giant orange ball. It looked like it belongs in LA. It didn't look particularly clean but that didn't deter the bf.\n\nThe verdict? The orange julep was more watery than he expected and the burger looked worse than McDonald's. The fries were soaked in oil. Eww.	0
Chandler needs this kind of burger joint. Had lunch there for first time today. Excellent chili burger with cheese, tasty \""spud-cut\"" fries. Menu offers burgers, doubles and triples as well as sandwiches and shakes!!\n\nJust a casual, counter-service, eat in/take-out joint with friendly service and excellent burgers at great prices.\n\nGive it a try; no disappointments here.	1
I went to Double Helix with two friends for his birthday, and had one of the best experiences I could think of!  Way better than I expected.\n\nWe started the night with appetizers and wine in the restaurant part of the bar.  Our waitress was extremely friendly, polite, and knew what to recommend based on our tastes.  She even recommended the wines for us perfectly.\n\nAs we sat there talking, one of my friends had a question.  He waved down someone he thought was working there, and we come to find out that the person we waved down was the GM of the store.  It was nice to see the GM working just as hard as his employees.  We ended up having a nice conversation about the types of cigars, and he even helped make recommendations on what we should get for cigars.\n\nOverall, our experience at the store was amazing.  The employees were helpful, the GM was amazing, and the food and cigars were perfect.	1
Don't go here. Ever.\n\nThis was my first dinner outing during my trip to Vegas this May.  I was so highly disappointed.  I had only heard buffets in Vegas are amazing.  This was NOT amazing.  This was disgusting.\n\nOf all the food I could not even find one thing to get, I decided making a salad would be my safest bet. Yeah right! The salad bar was a joke, gross lettuce, croutons and dressing. Like no veggies!! I made a pathetic excuse for a salad, and ending up filling up on cupcakes.  Which were nothing to write home about either.  The few I had were super dry.\n\nNot only was this buffet gross, it was robbery!!! $70 for the two of us for garbage! Never again, never again. They even try to take your photo upon arrival... can you imagine purchasing one?! No thank you!!!! Don't need a memory of the awfulness that cost us $70	0
Went through drive-thru because it seemed like the quickest option to try this place out and it was awesome. Pulled up, looked at their menu which was pretty small (like in and out) that consisted of chicken based food items. I got their big chicken box thing which cost like $7~ that came with 4 chicken strips/their special sauce/good tasting fries/coleslaw/a medium drink and a very tasty piece of bread looking thing. The quality was superb for a drive-thru that was pretty quick (comparing it to in and out this place was very fast for the quality of food). \n\nThe price is right. Their chicken is amazing and the sauce is actually really good- I originally asked for a side of BBQ sauce during the drive-thru transaction as I was unaware of their sauce which happened to turn out really good (they don't have BBQ sauce anyways as I found out). \n\nI won't be going back to KFC.\nHighly recommend at least trying it.	1
Came in dressed for work, though admittedly with my wheeled cart because I was on my way to Walmart. This was apparently sufficient to get me the \""delay until the customer leaves\"" treatment.\n\nYou're a crappy burger joint near a Walmart. You have no justification for this level of snobbery.	0
The food here was good, but the prices are outrageous.\n\nI am by no means stingy, and I was expecting to pay a little more for a gourmet pizza... But $17 for a 12\"" diameter pizza with a couple pieces of prosciutto on top? Never again. It's a shame, because I did like the pizza and it would be nice to have a good Italian-style pizza every once in a while.\n\nThe gelato is really good, so I'll just stick to that in the future.	0
At first I didn't want to go to Burger Dogs because the price of the fries. However, a co-worker brought some burgers to work and offered Me one, although I'd already eaten, I was suprised at how much I liked the fries. My friends said the burgers were good. I went there Saturday, there was one car at the window and I was at the order menu. The Gal came on and said \""be right with You\"", fine. Then, after waiting a while I started keeping track of the time on My dash clock. I waited 4 minutes longer, backed out and went to mcdonalds. Good fries there too. Also, the flier They left on My car about a month ago, didn't have the hours of operation or phone number. Burger Dogs is MIS-MANAGED and will fail.	0
love it all ! but we always go back for the same things!\n\nchicken pad se eww\npanang beef spicy #7 hot hot hot! \nchicken satay w/ peanut sauce\nall topped off with jasmine rice and a large thai ice tea mMmmMm\n\nYUM! i think im going there for dinner yes!	1
Fresh and delicious!  Cupcakes and great pies.  Just wish they'd have live music/poetry. Such a quaint spot!	1
Bonfyre tries. They have interesting architectural elements (disclaimer - I used to work for the firm that designed Bonfyre), comfortable seating and a nice ambiance for the 'burbs.  That's about where my pleasant experience ended.\n\nFor one, our table was in front of the fireplace - the back of my chair was less than two feet away from the glass enclosure. On a frigid November evening, you'd think that'd be wonderful, but it was SO HOT. I literally felt as if I was getting a sunburn, and coats facing the fire were untouchably hot. It was so profoundly uncomfortable, even after we asked them to turn the fireplace down (they wouldn't turn it all the way off). \n\nThe table for 7 was not meant to hold that many, and once our appetizers and drinks arrived we were forced to hold the bulky menus in our laps because there was no longer anywhere to set them down. The appetizers were ok in taste but lacking in critical elements they advertized. The truffle fries needed more truffle oil or a better dip. There was no gravy on the poutine (I don't even know how it's called poutine without it, but I digress), but instead an oily \""poutine sauce\"" that didn't seem to have a flavor - it just seemed like curds and fries in extra oil.  The artichoke dip was good but so very greasy. \n\nAs a non-meat eating person (I just don't really like meat, sorry) who also dislikes cilantro, my menu options were very limited, but I expected that at a grille (the restaurant wasn't my choice). I was excited to see a margherita flatbread option, but again was terribly disappointed.\n\nMargherita is hard to screw up. big slices of fresh mozz. Tomatoes that can take center stage - heirloom, roma, sundried, something. Basil leaves. Drizzling of a good balsamic. Done.  Nope. None of that. Instead I got a grocery-store style thin crust with a thick base of shredded pizza-mozz, with mealy and yet unripe beefsteak slices and a half-sphere of a tiny fresh mozz ball on top of each slice. No balsamic or any dressing of any kind. The whole thing was just barely dusted with shredded basil and mostly tasted like a totinos pizza with no sauce.  I had a greek side salad with it that came with no dressing on it or with it at all - just some olives, red pepper, and feta on a bed of dry greens.\n\nThey did have a delicious malbec, so at least the night was not a total waste. The server, however, forgot to bring me the soda I ordered after it was clear I'd had plenty of malbec, and only refilled our party's water glasses once. Between the excessive heat, drinking the wine too quickly to wash down the bland, sticky, greasy food, I was left chewing ice just to keep from passing out.\n\nTurn the heat down on the patrons and up on the menu, and I can see that it'd be a nice place.	0
I could not be more dissatisfied with this dealership. Back in November I had my first run in with the worst BMW rep I've ever met. Matthew Konecek is the absolute worst. WORST. Aside from being argumentative and defensive once called out on mistakes, he isn't attentive or helpful in the least bit. My car notified me regarding my coolant levels, so I take the car in expecting a quick turnaround time, and I was mistaken. I had to call and email multiple times to request an ETA for completion. I received an apology because if I wanted my car to be washed I wouldn't be able to pick it up until the next day. Needless to say, I declined. Next morning comes, and much to my surprise ... Coolant light has the same message displaying on the screen. I pop the hood myself to see that not only was no coolant ever put in my car, but that the cap to the reservoir was never put back on! I call and ask what the issue is and received the \""come back in and we will check it out.\"" I've learned this is code for we don't know what's wrong. Between the time I looked under the hood and returning the car I received a coolant, brake, AND battery notification. I only used the location because of location and certainly do not recommend it. Avoid using this location if at all possible. Matthew is horrible. Garrett is helpful but seeing that I now have a second experience seeming much like the first, helpfulness and niceties can only get a business so far. At some point quality of work needs to play a role. According to Matt, and I quote \""I can assure you that if we made this mistake often, we would certainly go out of business shortly.\"" One could only HOPE!!\n\nToday's experience was due to a recall part that affected the lighting on my car. Every time I brake or turn on my right signal, I receive a lighting malfunction warning. I call early Saturday morning hoping to get in quickly and back out to avoid any traffic tickets and was told the earlier would be Monday at 7am. To avoid rushing, I oblige. Losing an hour of sleep versus paying a tickets seems to be a no brainer. I drop my car off for service at 7am. I arrive, and who runs out the door? Matt, who insisted on helping since the woman who set the appointment didn't provide me with a service reps name. Yay. I tell him the issue, get a loaner and head to work. Around 12:30 I email him to see if he has any idea when I can pick up my vehicle and if there were any other service items that could be handled based on information from the key. He responds with about 30 min, because the the car is being washed. No reference to my other question. Great. Expected. I show up 40 min later, get my vehicle and drive to the exit. As I turn on my right blinker, all of the same notifications come on again. :-| I turn around, park outside the office, turn on the blinker to see that nothing had been fixed. Wonderful. Matt asks what the problem is, then takes the car back. Apparently the recall piece was put in backwards. Those are his words. Not mine. He assures me that everything has been taken care of. I leave again to head all the way back to work. As I'm leaving work, notification regarding brake light appears. Wonderful. Long story short, I go back to the dealership, no managers are available, and I'll be reaching out tomorrow to see what happens. As of right now, I don't think I need to say much more. If I could give no stars, I would.	0
Constellation is perfect! The shop is bright and welcoming. Simple, but not plain.\nNo-frills coffee menu (all the necessities), pies and small snacks. Amy is so knowledgeable about her products, not to mention a pleasure to sit and chat with. Pick up a bag of Ceremony beans while you're at it. \n\nBy far my favorite coffee shop in Pittsburgh. 10/10, highly recommend.	1
Ri Ra located inside Mandalay Place looks just like any store-front restaurant you'd find in a mall.  However walk-in and you will discover several rooms with Irish decor and you'll begin to see just how large this place really is!\n\nI was split between many items on the menu since they had simple food with little \""twists\"" thrown in.  I decided on a meatloaf burger made with veal, topped with mashed potatoes, onion rings and a Guinness ketchup.  Before I get to the burger, we also split some potato cakes, very crispy on the outside with a balsamic dressing, but soft on the inside.\n\nThe burger was different but very tasty packed with flavor (most likely to all the toppings going on!) and it left me very satisfied throughout the day.  Two other people at the table had a huge piece of fish and chips and I stole a bite or two of the soft cod.\n\nOverall I would come here again, especially on Friday's where locals get 40% off!  I am looking forward to trying all the other menu items (my own Fish & Chips, Guniess burger and Shepards Pie come to mind!)	1
I have never in my life dealt with such arrogant employees at any type of establishment. I've heard stories from friends and acquaintances about rude or lack of service and on one occasion I witnessed bartenders giving patrons attitude, but always giving the benefit of the doubt I thought maybe it was a bad night or whatever. Recently a few of my friends and i went for a couple of brews after work, it was around 1am. At 1:45 we ordered a round for last call but were informed that they already had last call. Thats odd, we were seated at the bar and none of us have a hearing impairment and it wasnt noisy. When my friend mentioned that no one heard it we were verbally assaulted (i wont go into detail, it was a rather lengthy exchange and recounting that night is making my blood boil) by the lovely female bartender. She also informed us that they are closing early because \""we close when we want. If you don't like it leave and dont come back\"" we were told. And then one of the awesome male bartenders finely spoke up only to call one of his paying customers a prick because he said \""fine. We wont.\""\n\nYes, this is how they treat they're consumers. I dont care how many beers you boast, no establishment in the service industry has a right to treat their customers in this manner. Im ashamed to be the dutchess and i wont step foot in this place again. They've made it abundantly clear they dont care about returning customers.	0
From the outside you see a quiet street with some couples strolling along hand-in-hand.  As you get closer to the front door you hear a bit of a buzz.  Is that a bar?  What's going on in there?\n\nOnce the door is open you are hit with a wave of laughter, glasses clinking, and the sound of people talking.  I think this is going to work out just fine.\n\nThe Great:\n+ The bartender/host/server/manager/busboy.  This guy was friendly, funny, and helpful.  Quick to smile and full of insight, he is awesome.\n+  A great selection of local beers.\n+  Cool location and extremely cozy inside.\n\nThe Average:\no  The only food we ordered was a crab soup - which was completely average.\n\nWith that said, this place would be my local watering hole if I lived in the 4th Ward.  Well done!	1
Just got my car back from replacing timing gasket. Then I literally found out there is a deep scratch on my front bumper, and the whole bumper is off alignment.  Gene asked to give him a call back on Monday and he will go over the camera record. They better fix the damage they have done or I will take the case to the court. After I drove home my car was over heat. I found out they drained all my coolant and forgot the refill it. And they did not tight up the oil drain plug so there is a small engine oil leak. Business is all about reputation, I will see what Gene comes up with and update the review.\n*update 6/9/2014\nAfter I refilled the Coolant, it all leaked out from the timing gasket area. Car has been sitting in garage since I got it back on Fri. Dropped off the car this morning and Gene determines to be their fault on the bumper damage and they will repair the overheat problem as well. Hope they do it right this time.	0
Great little gem in downtown Chandler that has quality food and even better beer!  Happy hour is from 2-7 and had great food and drink specials. I will be up on the rooftop patio enjoying the sun next time I go.	1
Now that their new inspection results have been published I understand why I get sick all the time.\n\nI'm going to avoid this place like the plague.	0
Used to think Caesars was an top notch hotel. After staying for my first time it's the worst hotel I've stayed in on the strip. Venetian and Wynn my favorite. Caesar Valet the worst. In organized rooms low standard, complaints about room they careless. Never recommend or stay there again. New hotels even Mandalay is better to stay at.	0
I really wanted to like this place. I went for basic Mexican food, guacamole and carne asada tacos. Both were largely under portioned and extremely over priced. To be honest, I don't care too much about price as long as I'm getting quality food. Roberto's taco shops serves better carne asada tacos and I only go there when I'm drunk/hungover! The server was friendly, location is good, and the decor was okay. I do like the rooftop patio but until they get better quality food and lower their prices I won't be back. It's matter of time before this place shuts down. Hopefully next year the new restaurant will have good food!	0
For all those griping about the tax subsidies for the light rail, Phoenix needed a light rail system, just like it needed I-10, 202, 51, and 101, and a big airport too; pretty much all paid for with our tax dollars. You paid for those extra lanes of congestion even if you never drive one of those roads. We all did. \n\nAre they all perfect and to everyones liking? Of course not. We're either a growing city or a dying one, so keep on expanding the system I say. \n\nI've enjoyed riding it when I can i think it's a source of pride for our city.  I give it four stars for the cool factor, of finally having a public transportation system that I would actually use. [Train vs. bus] I only hope the system will connect more shopping hubs, schools and the sports arenas in Glendale one day.	1
USAA is the best of the best of the best. I'm not kidding. They know what they're doing Everything from their website navigation, user friendly online banking, and their SUPERB customer service. \""Really?\"" \""Superb.\"" \""Keep it up.\"" \""Superb.\"" \""Say it again.\"" \""Superb.\""\n\nWell, Empire Records quote out of the way, I have been with USAA ever since... forever. I was grandfathered in under my Dad who is a retired USAF Lt. Colonel. Actually, I first started dealing with them directly when I opened my first Master Card as an 18 year old before moving out and going to college. And then soon after I dealt with USAA's customer service line numerous times because my car loan and car insurance are through them.\n\nWhenever I called them about anything their customer service representatives have been angels. I say they've been angels because compared to other customer service reps at other companies I've spoken to these people have to be from another plane of existence to consistently be so amazing. I've called crying because I locked my keys in my car, or just confused over something having to do with registering my car and not being able to get my proof of insurance printed out in enough time (gee, the wonders of a irresponsible teenage college student). But every time they have been great. Going on 9 years now they have never let me down.\n\nAs soon as I snag myself a full time job I am moving my checking account over to USAA. They offer direct deposit and deposit from home. They also offer a set amount of money to be returned to your bank account at the end of every month if you happen to take out money at one of those nasty ATMs that charge you an arm and a leg for use. I hate that and knowing I could get that money back would be awesome. \n\nMy plan is to be with USAA forever. I have no reason to switch to anyone else. They've been in my family for a long time. My parents, me, my brother, and sister have all been with them for some reason or another and they have never done us wrong.	1
Sorry guys, but 3.5 hours spent waiting for food that was borderline mediocre simply isn't acceptable. I realize it was Christmas and you were obviously overwhelmed, but our first experience there did not leave a good impression at all. I simply hope we caught you on a bad night.	0
Great space and wonderfully unique dishes. Staff is great. No wine for purchase but bring yours for a small corking fee.. We simply loved it!	1
BLAND and GROSS.... Don't bother. Made me sick to my stomach	0
While we were happy to finally have what looked like a decent place in Forest Hills, we were skeptical about whether the new restaurant would compare to alternatives in Shadyside et al.  We were not disappointed.\n\nThe pork osso bucco is amazing, first of all.  It's both delicious (one of those meat dishes that's been cooked on the bone in some kind of savory sauce for a long time) and impressively presented.  We also had the calamari for an appetizer, which was not overcooked, too salty, or too greasy as fried calamari often can be.  I also thought the basil dipping sauce was something new.  The tiramisu looked amazing, but we were too full to try it - next time!  It was nice to see that they have a gluten free menu for friends with dietary concerns, or for the days when we're trying to be healthy :)\n\nThe beer and wine selection are both great with a wide range of prices and international selection.  \n\nThe atmosphere is pleasant.  It's festive but not too loud, the tables aren't too close together, they have a number of TVs with sports around, and you can see the wine cave.  There's also a white grand piano near the entrance, haha.  We sat inside, but the patio looks nice.  We walked, but it looks like parking is easy enough.\n\nThe waitstaff needs further refining, but we expected that given that the place is new.  We could at least see that they were very eager to please and fix any errors.	1
I still can't get over how I paid $2.99 for a coffee and 3 doughnuts! What a deal. I was debating whether or not to go to Krispy Kreme or Winchells but decided on the latter since it wasn't a chain and I could get Krispy Kreme elsewhere... .\n\nWinchell's shares space with Subway which was a little random but I didn't have any problem with it because the woman helping me and what I assume to be the owner were both very nice and sweet. I hadn't eaten doughnuts in a little over a year so I decided to go with a boston creme (one of my favorites) and got a chocolate glazed chocolate doughnut for my sister and a glazed for my friend.... \n\nThey were by no means the best doughnuts I had eaten before, a little doughier than I had expected but it definitely hit the spot. They hadn't skimped on the cream and it oozed out of the doughnut with every bite and I was more than satisfied with my choice. I didn't try the other doughnuts but all my sister said was that it was okay as she scarfed it down. \n\nWould I come back again? Sure, why not. I will probably be back for EDC 2013 next summer so till we meet again Winchells. Keep up the friendly service! \n\nYELP 365: 159/365	1
Nigiri tasting menu was excellent, price for fatty tuna is actually 1/4th what you would pay on the strip at 6-7$ each, and higher quality to boot!	1
Passing through town, and stopped here based on a quick yelp search.  Missed it at first because the small storefront was obscured by a parked car, but very glad I found my way back.\n\nThe place is totally cute, and the staff was super nice; did not encounter any of the sass others mentioned.\n\nThey have a great selection of pastries and desserts while offering a collection of loaf breads.  No place to sit as it was too chilly for outdoor patio chairs, so made a huge mess in my car.\n\nTried the cheese danish.  Yum.  Not particularly sweet, so the pastry and cheese really came through.  It was dusted with confectioner's sugar, which i promptly blew all over my lap and seat.\n\nSelf-serve coffee with the same little blue-colored greek paper cups that street vendors in NY use.	1
This show is so bizarre. It tried to have a storyline, which didn't make any sense and at points was completely laughable. The dancing was like a high school cheerleader routine. Some of the dancers were amazing, the pole dancer hands down was the best part!\n\nThe person from the audience was hilarious but majorly disappointing when he turned out to be part of the show too...	0
Seems to me like Southwest Airlines is reverting back to there disastrous quality of service they had for the first several years after their inception. In the last year this airline has plummeted to each flight I'm on having a negative attribute such as but not limited to a delay, broken seat, luggage delay, broken tray table or worst of all, a cancellation. I'll allow them to have two stars, for now, because they're attempting to perfect their paperless ticketing system but they better get their act together imeadiately or I'll be asking my vendors to choose a different airline.	0
Probably the worse subway I have eaten at. The bread on 3 sandwiches we ordered was stale and falling apart. Service was slow and the restroom was scary. I was very disappointed with this visit.  Subway is eaten often, not sure I'll ever come back to this one.	0
Came here with my boss on lunch break. Decided to try this place out because not many other pizza places around this area had that great of reviews either. Working at a food place myself and my boss having owned it we know how things should be in a restaurant. The second my boss looked around she was like nope not eating here. There was pizza dough laying around open on the bottom shelf that looked like it hadn't been cleaned in forever. The soda machine had buildup of some liquid and was leaking at the bottom. Honestly my standards aren't too high with food and I usually have a tough stomach so I said what the heck I'll eat anyways since we didn't have much time. I reeeeallllyyy should of listened to my boss. Not even 10 minutes after leaving I'm only going to say two words: explosive diarrhea.	0
I'm giving it two stars for the customer service, the staff was super friendly.  There's a fast food Mexican restaurant (with drive thru) I can get better & cheaper fish tacos from. The taco was dry and I didn't care for the red sauce on it (I guess it was salsa?) I'm surprised by all the positive reviews.	0
The selection is so overwhelming in a good way. I had eggs benedict. The eggs were perfectly cooked so many placed kill the eggs. I was a happy camper. Plus going on a Tuesday you get double stamps on their free meal card.	1
SOOOO yummy! Everything is good.	1
The more times I visit my son, the more sports bars I get introduced to in the phoenix area. If nothing else, I know my son doesn't go to dive sports bar. This is another upscale sports bar he introduced to mom and dad. We went to lunch on A Saturday 01-07/12 around 1pm.\n\nThe restaurant was not crowded, a light crowd on a sunny beautiful 70 degree? Phoenix day. My son was meeting some people in the area, so my wife and I had a light lunch and he met us afterwards. \n\nWhat we had\n\nLunch size Ahi Crunch and french onion soup with salad and Iced Green Tea.  That was it for my wife and I. Total plus tax $23.70.  We weren't very Hungry this day.\n\nAs others have said, if you want beer, lots of variety and want to come back every day for for two years and never repeat your beer order, this is the place to visit. \n\nIf you want to have a party for the football season, or any type of sporting event, have it here, they offer a good variety of party platters, and it's not your regular wings and potatoe skins and fried veggies and cheese thingys.  Party platters offered:\n\nMoo shu egg rolls,    Seared Rare Ahi Sashimi, Thai Chicken Noodle, Penne with Chicken and Peach apple cobbler just to name a few items. \n\nA place like this, I could get use to going whether or not there's a sporting event going on.  \n\nI read there is at least one in Denver Colorado area if not two. I will definitely check it out.\n\nOur server was very friendly and it was very relaxing to sit out on the patio for lunch.  We will definitely come back to the yard house, whether it's here or in Denver to see further what Yard House has to offer	1
I returned to this place on my second visit over a few weeks time. Z Pizza has 7 salad menu, 8 sandwiches, and many pizza choice selections or build it yourself in different sizes. Or you can order  the slice(s) and usually they will have 4 flavors available that rotates on a daily basis. When I came in with my party, we had the choice of Hawaiian, egg plant, pepperoni and cheese. I ended up ordering the chicken curry sandwich by which I ask them to convert to a salad.  The chicken curry salad was flavorful, healthful, colorful and one that I enjoy. Superlative ....\n\nThe pizza are huge slices. When I had it last time and order one, I got addicted and ordered a second one. The pizza by the slice, are near thin and has a near clean bite to it instead of the oily and heavy stuffing feel that you get from pizza chains or warehouse places. It made me feel not guilty for my health...The cooks here do a good job in making their pizzas. Pizza slices go for about $3 and most of the menu items are about $7 .  The wait to get your ordered items is about 4-5 minutes...\n\nThe inside decor is very artful for a pizza place, you have to check it out yourself if you appreciate art. The art looks like it belongs in a hip coffee shop and that is a plus for a pizza place. The place is clean and seats comfortable. There are regular tables and a comfy sofa. There are seating outside as well. Zpizza also share access to the coffee and ice cream shop next door as it is under the same management. You can choose to sit in either shop..\n\nThe near midtown location makes it a ideal spot for business lunch or convenient spot. Parking is sufficient... I highly recommend this place if you need to grab a cheap and simple yet tasteful bite by yourself or plan to eat with friends and lounge afterwards at the next door coffee shop. The folks who work here are also friendly. And you can order take out too...	1
Love Love Love forever 21 \n It was the official grand opening in the Fashion Show mall in Las Vegas July 24, 2010.\n\nOMG, WOW, Overwhelming, enormous and massive are words that come to mind. Did I say gargantuan?\n\nThe new location is 2 levels and 124,000 sq feet and not crowded. Except for the crowds of customers shopping.\n\nThey did a tremendous job, the store looks impressive!\n\nStarting with the visuals - the windows were dazzling and all the displays and mannequins thru out the store were brilliant. Lots of glitter and gold! If mannequins could talk they were shouting \""buy me\"", \""be me\"", \""stare at me\""!\n\nThe layout of the store is easy to shop they have all their different labels divided into sections. Sort of like stores within a store. Be sure to check out the new Kids section. T\n\nhey now carry Men's, maternity, faith 21[extended sizes] at this location. As well as the usual Heritage [vintage], love 21, twelve by twelve [couture line] and they have a shoe + accessories section.\n\nDon't worry about waiting for a change room; they have one in every corner of the store. With lots of rooms in each one. All the change rooms have mirrors inside and hooks to hang up your 6 room limit. Lots of friendly staff hanging outside the change rooms trying to hang up the clothes you don't want to put back on the racks. I felt a little bad for them they literally had heaps on the floor to hang up and put back on the already overflowing  go back racks.\n\nTip #1. Best place to shop is the go back racks\n\nTip #2. If you couldn't find something you were looking for keep looking or go back the next day because it could materialize.\n\nTip # 3. Set aside a minimum of 3 hours- you will need this time to walk thru and peruse .\n\nTip #4. Why waste  valuable shopping time  Take it home and try it on. Please see store policy below.\n\nFacts + Quotes ,As I was told by the staff\n\n1.     Question. How large is this store? Answers. 1.20,000 sq feet- 2. 31,0000 3.  34,000  4. very large 5. bigger then Macy's\n\n2.      Question. Why is the section called \""twelve by twelve\""? Answer. 1. HUH? 2. I don't know 3.  not sure 4. it's our couture line\n\n3.    Fact:    It is the largest forever 21 store in the world.\n\n4.      Fact: The location  used to be Lord & Taylor department store\n\n5.      Quote: It took over 1 week to merchandise including  many sleepless nights.\n\n6.   Quote: \""You can buy everything the mannequin's wearing, except the wigs. We don't sell those\""\n\n7.  Fact: This store will create 650 full time and part time jobs.\n\n8.  Fact: The store has 36 cash registers 136 change rooms  and in fact the store is 126,000 sq feet\n\nCongratulations, wishing you much success forever 21. I will visit you often. I will still got to the Meadows Mall location and for a quick fix Boulevard Mall. Sometimes, not often I don't have 3 hours allotted for one store.\n\nStore policy:  Exchange or store credit is allowed within 21 days of store purchase with original receipt and tags attached. Merchandise must be unwashed, unworn and undamaged for exchange or store credit. Sale merchandise and  jewelry are all FINAL sale and cannot be returned for exchange or store credit. Unless required by law, store credit and gift card are not redeemable for cash or transferable and cannot be replaced if lost or stolen. There are NO cash refunds or credit back to credit/debit cards. [ This is what it states on the receipt]. I wish the policy was 21 days for exchange or refund. It would be easier to shop for clients and take stuff home on approval instead of getting stuck with a gift card.\n\nNote: square foot age and facts by staff could possibly be inaccurate. \n\nJoey Garr http://www.vegaspersonalshopper.com/forever-21-store-review/	1
I recently dined with a large party.  They had a great room to accommodate our group!  It is nice to dine with so many people and TALK with each of the dinner guests. \n\nThe staff was eager to please (took photos, made menu suggestions, recommended beers / wines...even swapped out the drinks if you didn't enjoy).  \n\nAs I dined with a large group, we ate from a set menu...appetizers of bread, spreads and Italian meats were delicious.  The salads were good.  I was pleased with my choice of the crab stuffed chicken and even happier with the cheesecake for desert!	1
This place has really gone downhill. Absolutely awful service and Disneyland prices make for a pretty mediocre experience. I had to make two follow up requests for lemons to cover up the chlorine taste in the water, and two requests for bread. They need to hire more staff and lower their prices at least 25%... but I know they won't and that people will still eat here.	0
Came here with a group of friends on a Friday night.\nWe sat down for what seemed like forever before a\nsingle waiter/waitress acknowledged our existence.\nYeah - so we looked like a sorry bunch of recently\nreleased inmates all liquored up and nowhere to go\nbut still! So finally this waiter tries to take our\ndrink orders. We ordered a round and asked for menus.\nWe were then told that they stop serving actual food\naround 10pm even though the place will serve alcohol\ntill 2am. Really? You have a crapload of people all\ndrinking and getting loaded for the next four hours\nbut you don't want to serve food anymore because \nyou'd rather give that business to one of your many\ncompetitors nearby? What kind of North Korean rocket\nscientist running this place came up with that idea?\nIt's ok though because a competitor DID make quite a\nfew $$$ off us that night on both drinks AND food. \nAnd next time we'll know not to bother wasting our \ntime here.	0
Small plastic fork. Let's start there. I had the fish tacos and they were edible only because I was starving. Poor excuse for salsa bar. Service was ok served with a smile at least but all in all food was horrid. At least it is hard to mess up Horchata :) \n\nRivas or Filly B's next time I need a quick Mexican dive fix for lunch or very early AM snack.	0
Great food. Everytime I have been hear I have really enjoyed it. Great food pairings. It is expensive but there are some reasonable options next to the 30 dollar fish.  \n\nI have made it out for my last two birthdays in Madison. My father ate the rainbow trout here a year or so ago and said it was the second best meal he has ever eaten, the first being the space needle.	1
The food = Amazing. \nThe Ambiance = dark, cozy and intimate.\nService = Cool, but not very impressionable from what I've experienced.\nDrinks = great cocktails and great selection of pitchers of mojitos and sangrias.\n\nCome here for cocktails with friends.  Great place for a date night with the lover.  Celebrate something special here.  Compared to the other location on Paradise this place in bigger, better and convenient since it's in my area.  \n\nFavorites: \n-Chorizo and clams = 5 star\n-Stuffed dates wrapped in bacon = 5 stars\n-Veggie empanada = 5 stars\n-Petite filet = 5 stars\n-Shrimp ceviche = 4 stars\n-Carmel flan = 4 stars\n-Red Sangria = 5 stars\n\nTRY ALL OF THEM! You will fall in love with this place.	1
Never coming here again found hair in my to go food	0
Food is good but the portions are small for what you are paying. The only thing you are truly going to be fully satisfied with this place is the service and the ambience. If you are expecting to get hungry after you eat here, think again. You're probably gonna end up spending a fortune over here - just make sure you have at least $5 to head over to Planet Hollywood afterwards so you can get yourself something really filling - Earl of Sandwiches!	0
I dont think I will go here again. The menu is pretty slim, the cuban sandwich was on bread that was not firm enough and they used processed cheese. The service was good it was just not good food for me.	0
I went to Danny's this weekend to get an oil change and car wash and I paid for a VIP car wash.   After picking up my car I was disappointed that there was still dirt on my car floor.  I later noticed that money I had in my car for parking was missing.  I'm highly upset that I paid for these services, tipped the staff, and had my property stolen.  I've been going to Danny's on and off for years as they are close to my home but I will never frequent their establishment again.	0
The bar is amazing but the staff is horrible. I have sent over 13 complaints to try to get a response from the owner or bar manager and have been ignored. We had our reception at this bar and it was a nightmare. Unorganized, rude staff, the waitresses could care less about anything accept for flirting with bartenders...Its so bad that the first time we visited, I had a drink and a sundae (which was amazing), but gave the girl a $100 bill and she came with change for a $20. I had to fight with her until she magically found the $100 bill!!! I should have known this was a good indication but because we used to love Toby, we tried our reception there. From start to finish it was a mess and we have wrote letters, called, emailed, hand delivered notices and NOBODY has called us back. Finally I called and tried to book a party for 100 people and got a call from Jenn in the booking department. I told her it was the only way I could get a call back...STILL IGNORED!! I could go on and on about how rude the staff is and how bad the owners have treated us after we had an unexpected, incorrect bill of $400.00 that night when we told the waitress in advance not once but 3 different times to cap us off at $250.00....Not once were we thanked for bringing so many people in that night, or paying the wrong bar tab, but totally and completely ignored.\nTwice the service/staff have messed up and nothing has been done. Its too bad because this place is exactly what Arizona was lacking. Too bad they dont care about return business.	0
I have found my new waxing spot! After being a customer at the Birthday Suit for over a year and had a horrible experience with such rude staff I was at a lost. I read through yelp and decided to give a chance. I believe her name was Karla cute blonde from San Diego, is the bomb! Made me feel so comfortable, staff was awesome and totally relaxed watching a movie as I got waxed. Oh and totally loved the bling skull and crossbones glitter tattoo! Huge hit! I will be recommending this place to all my girlfriends! Totally love it!	1
Great pancakes and everything is pretty good. Servers are always nice and on point. The wait is a little crazy on weekends, so be ready to wait an hour or so.	1
Never again.  Long strands of hair in my roll.  Sushi is usually made with bare hands...  If something as long and obvious as hair makes it in, what else is getting in the rolls?  Nope.  Not going back.	0
Love coming here to play frisbee golf with friends.  Very close to the University area is a plus.  This is a great park for all ages.	1
Tried this place for lunch, had the chicken burro and have to agree with the other reviewers. I wouldn't recommend Matador and am still baffled that it was packed at lunchtime.	0
Burrito Express is a delicious choice for a Mexican lunch. It is very different from the local taco stand (Filiberto's or Amado's) but that does not mean that it's not as good. The tortillas are extremely tasty.	1
A special place for me...\n\nA few years back in Seattle my fiance (then boyfriend) and I had some vouchers to McCormick's and went for our first anniversary in January and still had some left over so we went for Valentine's Day that February.  We like it so much we go there for our anniversary every year and since the first year we have always sat in a \""snug\"" which is a private booth with a curtain so you can have a nice quiet meal with your dining guest.\n\nThe food is always fantastic and I always leave stuffed and satisfied.  I always order seafood (usually fish) and my seafood-averted sig other usually gets steak.  I think it can be romantic if you're dining in the snugs, but if you're out with the rest of the diners it's just another nice dining room and can be a little on the loud side.  We have no complaints and will continue the anniversary dinners and more.\n\nTheir happy hour is fantastic.  The drink specials aren't anything to write home about, but the food is worth the trip.  The burger seems to always be around and I recommend the fish tacos if they show up as well.  I've never had any bad meals and the ever-changing menu keeps us coming back for more.  I've had many, many desserts and they are all fantastic.  The creme brulee is a solid choice and the flourless chocolate cake with raspberry sauce is as sinful and decadent as it sounds.  The wine list is somewhat short when it comes to \""by the glass\"" offerings, but I never have a problem finding one I like.\n\nAnother little-known perk is their Preferred Guest Membership.  You are awarded points for every dollar you spend.  If you are a frequent visitor like myself, then it's worth it.  Otherwise, it could take far too many happy hours to rack up enough points for anything substantial.  The best part - it's free.  Details are on their website.\n\nI've also been to two other locations in Seattle and Bellevue and have had great experiences there as well.  Eat, drink, repeat!	1
I don't get it. \nEveryone from the west coast is always raving about the burgers at this place. Why?? We came by here last night...had the animal fries and the double-double and the flavor was blah. Fries were cold...sauce was eh. The burger itself just had nothing memorable about it. At all. Except for the fact that it made me sick. I've been up all night with horrific gas pains. I will NOT be coming back here. Maybe it's just this location. If I'm ever in Cali, I'll take a bite out of someone else's burger before I decide it's worth it to order my own.	0
We went to our first show at the Orpheum Theatre last night.\n\nI thought the theater was absolutely beautiful. I loved the intricate architecture. It felt old but stately. It's got tons of character and I found myself taking pictures everywhere. The sound was wonderful as well. \n\n We saw Jake Shimabukuro, ukulele virtuoso, there. It was a perfect venue for him. So beautiful, stately, quiet with great acoustics. It really highlighted his performance.\n\nI found out it was built from 1927-1929 in Spanish Midieval and Baroque styles. After a while, it was turned into a movie theater and remained that for years and years. They painted the murals and moldings black during the movie era. In the late 80s they started a renovation on it which was completed in 1997. They brought back much of the original design (moldings, murals, etc.)\n\nNow it's just wonderful. Anytime I see something interesting playing there, the theatre itself will definitely add to the draw. Can't wait to head back!	1
They made an appt for me at 1:00.  When I arrived they said that it would be 45mins.  After over an hour they had still not started.  What's the point of having an appt?  Why tell me 45mins when you would not have even started over an hour later if I hadn't said  something?	0
Great service. We went for a belated birthday and they treated us very nicely and with a lot of attention. This place is easy to find and pretty central. We got the 33oz bone in ribeye, mac and cheese, and also brussels sprouts. We ordered it medium rare and it came out pretty rare in general (which was fine with us). The ambiance is nice and since it's a large open kitchen with patio and bar space...you have a lot of options in terms of seating.	1
This is by far one of my favs. For the uniqueness and decadence they bring to each dish. We had a great experience and will definitely be back again!\n\nIf you are a first timer try the Lamb Pastrami it's amazing!	1
Great selection of deserts and delicious items to take home for dinner.  I will be back. So nice to see a place like this in this area!	1
Let me start by saying that I LOVE Cold Stone.  Then why the one star?  Well, every single time I visit the location in the Arizona Center I want to kill myself, but not before strangling the inept people behind the counter.  The main problem is that this place hires high school kids who don't give two shits about working, even though they get paid to do that.  To top it off, I am pretty sure I have never seen a manager in there, and I would hate to think they would allow a 16 year old to be a manager.  The line here is almost always ridiculously long, making the small space even more unbearable.  My worst experience was when a bunch of high school kids came after a basketball game and starting screaming to their friends working.  It was a nightmare.  Like junior high all over again.  Avoid this location at all costs.  The others are all superior.  Believe me.	0
I have been a Cafe Rio lover since the first time I had a salad there in SLC, Utah. We usually frequent the Gilbert/Baseline location and were thrilled when they opened San Tan since it's closer to our house. The food was just as good as always- I love the beef barbacoa salad and my husband loves the steak burrito. Portions are large, so sometimes we share. The queso is to die for, and we love that they give free \""nino quesadillas\"" for young children. My 2 year old eats every bite and I don't have to be upset later that I spent money on a kids meal that went uneaten. Taco Tuesday is the best- and I still leave completely stuffed after just one taco.  Now, beware- this location gets CRAZY busy with the white shirt and tie crowd coming in from the Gilbert LDS temple around the corner. It's often difficult to find a table and the line can be long.  I would definitely recommend to them that they not allow seating until you have your food in hand, as there are always huge parties taking up several tables pushed together that sit around and chat when they haven't ordered yet. Otherwise this is a spot we will continue to visit!	1
It's funny, I've lived in the neighborhood for more than a year, but I didn't stop in for a meal until now. After having the chef special Panang with Fish, I wish I had stopped in much sooner! It was served fairly quickly, with a medium spiciness as I'd ordered it. The peanuty curry sauce was delicious and creamy! The ambience was quiet and calm with soothing soft music, a nice escape from the light rail construction. I like that you can eat in groups, as a couple, or solo with their IHOP-style booths (it looks like an old IHOP inside, and there were a couple of leftover IHOP logos on their window coverings). There were plenty of chef specials to choose from; I hope to try the chef's Crisp Basil Tofu another time. There was a TV for viewing in one corner of the restaurant. It seems very family-friendly, with high chairs and booster seats for the kiddos. They've even got a few toys on hand in case the kids need them for a bit. :) Bathroom was clean with a baby changing station in it. The service was great, friendly and fast. I'm definitely coming back to try other Thai favorites, like their Green Curry!	1
Bahn MI was just O.K., Pho again was just O.K. I don't get it they have great reviews. Please help us fid great Pho, Bahn Mi, & Ramen in the greater PHX area.	0
Just opposite Cineworld in Fountainbridge, Wing Sing Inn provides a truly Chinese experience, in sometimes amusing ways.  Their menu, for example, features appetising items such \""Water Swamp Morning - glory in Malaysian style\"" and \""Salt & Pepper Fog Leg,\"" and when we phoned to place our order, they answered initially in Chinese, and even when persuaded to speak English had a brusque manner that made no concession to conventional notions of customer service.\n\nNevertheless, this did not detract from our enjoyment of the food they delivered.  Me and my friends steered away from the more, umm, unusual sounding dishes and stuck with things like Pak Choi with Mushrooms and Yu-Hung Aubergine which were excellent and came with delightful garnishes.\n\nThe many Chinese customers who frequent this restaurant bear witness to the fact that Wing Sing Inn, despite its cheesy name, is the real deal for authentic Asian cooking.	1
I love the whole concept of Cycle and Jeff Kraus and his crew hit it out of the ballpark tonight with Experience. I started with the Tiramisu martini which was somehow even more fabulous than it sounds. Luscious and creamy, they (yes, plural) went down too easy.\n For a starter I had the frog leg  lollies which would change the mind of any one turned off by frog legs. I could eat those everyday. Perfectly crunchy with just the right amount of sauce and nestled in a pillow of bleu cheese foam- seriously, how could you not like that? I plucked each delicious little morsel of meat off that froggy femur with delight.\n My first amuse bouche arrived- a prosseco rimmed in pepper- with a lightness that really helped to set up my next course, the  \""Not a Frisee aux Lardon\"". The peppery arugula and perfectly poached egg was highlighted by the crunchy, salty bits of pig's ear. I scooped up every last bite with the brioche.\n Another amuse of peach sorbet and basil was a nice palate cleanser. Dessert was a difficult choice between the skillet cookie with wild turkey creme or the nitro sundae. I went with the nitro sundae and could not have been more pleased. A truly beautiful dish, the crack of the perfect chocolate sphere revealed a gorgeous custard. The crystallized strawberries, caramel, almonds and chantilly finished this dish off with the perfect ratio of crunch  and cream. I hear Jeff is looking for a brick-and mortar place. Even in this tough market, I have no doubt he'll succeed.	1
Went in to get a quick haircut one morning and the stylist cut my hair crooked.   I am not sure how she did not notice because it was prerty bad.  Went somewhere else to have it fixed.	0
In the past, I have dealt with Dr. Ganesh and Dr. MacCollum, both of whom were very good, professional, respectful and courteous. The one star is not for them, but rather for my most recent visits. \nMy son was seen by Dr. Morris twice for excruciating pain in his feet. She took a set of xrays both times and ordered an MRI the second time. The MRI was a long time coming and I couldn't wait to get the results. Here's where the one star part comes in.\nI received a call from Dr. Morris' assistant who advised they had received the results of his MRI and asked if I would like to schedule an appointment to go over them with Dr. Morris. At this point, I had already figured out what was wrong with my son, but wanted to double check the MRI was negative just to ensure what we thought was the cause was actually the cause. I explained this to the assistant who informed me, \""Dr. Morris does not give MRI results over the phone because it is a HIPAA violation.\"" The problem with this is that I work in the healthcare field and I know for a fact this is not true. I ended the call and called back after I had a chance to think about this and asked the front office girl to speak to a supervisor. She advised she would pass my information on to the supervisor but asked what it was regarding. I advised her I would like to talk to the supervisor regarding this incident. Because if it is just the doctor's policy, that's one thing; however, it is not now, nor has it ever been a HIPAA violation to give lab results over the phone. She stated, \""Yes it is.\"" I laughed and told her, \""Now I really need to talk to your supervisor because, clearly, your office is misinformed and I'm not going to pay another copay or have my insurance pay for another visit just to be told, again, that she doesn't see anything. If your supervisor would like to show me exactly where, in the law, it states this, I'll be glad to come in at that time; however, I am sure this is wrong and if your office is telling people this just to get them in the door again, that's not clinically appropriate.\"" \nShe advised she would pass my information to the supervisor who would call me back.\nI received a call from the supervisor who, apparently, has never had training in customer service in her entire life because she was the rudest, most incapable \""supervisor\"" I have ever had the unpleasant experience of speaking to EVER.\nI answered the phone and she introduced herself and said she was told I would like to speak to her. I told her I had taken my son there and recently had an MRI for which their office has the results. I further stated I had received a call from the assistant who told me he could not give me the results due to HIPAA law. I told her I am not wanting to take time off work, take my son out of school and go all the way down there again when I have already been there three times, for the doctor to scratch her head and tell me she still doesn't know. I advised I think I figured out what the problem is and that if she would just be so kind as to tell me whether she sees something or it's negative, I can go from there. But, I don't want to go there again if there is nothing to discuss. \nThe supervisor then told me, \""Okay, well, first of all, you've only been here twice. (Whatever. Two times, three times, fifty times, that is not the point.) And it is the doctor's policy to go over the results in person.\""\nTo which I said, 'Okay, if that's the case then that is fine and THAT is what your staff should be telling people because that is not a HIPAA violation. It has nothing to do with HIPAA and...\"" She interrupted and told me in a rather snotty tone that she had through the entire conversation that SHE will handle that part but, \""Do you want to schedule an appointment or not?\"" \nLet me just say this: I said, several times, that if there is something we need to discuss on the MRI in person, I'll gladly go down there, but if there is nothing on it, she can tell me that on the phone and I will continue to pursue the course of action I had felt was necessary. As I was stating this, she interrupted again to tell me that \""yelling\"" at her was not going to do any good. To which I replied, \""I'm not yelling. I'm simply talking to you about this situation.\"" She then said, \""I guess that's just your voice then.\"" WTF is wrong with you, lady? First of all, I am a customer who is trying to figure out what to do about a situation that you are making more difficult than it needs to be. SECOND, the bottom line is not whether or not I want to take time off or whether or not I pay a copay or whether or not your staff are incompetent. The point is my son is in pain every single day. He is ten years old and up until four months ago, he was fine. And you can let your incompetent doctor know it was a medication side effect she should have caught. Also, the results were sent to another doc as well who gave me the results ON THE PHONE.	0
What's not to like about Beach Hut Deli? Cool beach theme decoration, nice spacious interior and outdoor area, cold beer, delicious food, and large portions. Am I a fan?HELL YEAH!!\n\nYou can call them a \""chain\"" which is why I usually passed on the lunch invites, but I probably wouldn't now. If you did though think of a Subway or Quiznos but on steroids. I ordered The Pig Kahuna, http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/beach-hut-deli-las-vegas?select=rSBykeuQTeYDI_CPbuhaQg#rSBykeuQTeYDI_CPbuhaQg they should call it the Big Kahuna at least that's what I called it when I placed my order.  A pile of pulled pork covered in a sweet, kind of mild BBQ sauce, melted cheddar cheese, and chunks of pineapple in a French roll.  I had the hardest time picking up The Pig Kahuna and taking a bite that I started to use a fork and knife to attack it.  It was delicious and put a smile on my face. They have other healthier sandwiches and other dishes which seemed big also.\n\nThey also have daily happy hour specials which run from 3 pm to 6 pm. http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/beach-hut-deli-las-vegas?select=rSBykeuQTeYDI_CPbuhaQg#_G9o8Wiph6vpLOdvXc0u2g and the happiest hour 3 pm to 4 pm for $1 pints.  Did I mention that they have a lot of TV? Great place to watch a sporting event.	1
Do you wear light flannel in the summer and listen to Decembrists? This place is for you! \n\nBut really, if you're looking for atmosphere maybe you'll go to Michelangelo's. But if you want straight up well made coffee and vegetarian breakfasts, this is the place.	1
Being from new jersey (and having the possessive attitude over Italian food that comes with my drivers license from thy part of the country), I was worried about eating Italian in Phoenix.  The antipasta was actually really good.  The mozzarella and prosciutto were fresh and tasty.  But only 1 1/2 of the 6 people I went out with enjoyed their entree, mostly pasta dishes that were too bland and sauceless.  The desserts were tasty.  The service was polite but slow.  I'm usually pretty forgiving but this place was not great.	0
Love this place! Its never a let down. I usually order the 1lb of shrimp (snow crab or alaskan king crab legs) with HnJ special sauce, medium spice with corn and a bowl of rice. You have to eat the corn last. Gotta let that corn soak in all the buttery, garlicky, spicy goodness. I also scoop some of the sauce onto my rice! Then down it with a nice cold Corona w/lime! Hits the spot! \n\nI've tried Boiling Crab. Their sauces aren't bad but it doesn't do it for me. I love HnJ's sauce better.	1
$26 for all you can eat RICE? ---Cool. Not! \n\nGet the heck out of here with all of that rice you try to stuff wherever you can. \n\nI can no longer recommend Jjanga as a solid spot for AYCE sushi. Their quality and credibility has gone down. Waaay down. They used to be decent but, man, I was utterly disgusted on our recent visit. \n\n- Their AYCE (all rice) nigiri are soaked in an offensive chemical tasting \""yuzu\"" flavor\n- Their (rice) rolls are literally all rice and a dot of imitation crab with a paper thin sliver of dried out salmon\n- Watery-bland-miso-soup\n- Sinewy, dried out, paper thin fish\n- Skimpier than a mofo \""special sashimi\"" poke salads, that all have questionable, stringy, bad cuts of fish\n- Oh, they also don't do half sized rolls so be prepared to Tetris the shit out of your food\n\nNo can do. This is not the spot for AYCE sushi or value. They are drastically inconsistent, which is why I am confidant in awarding them with a 1 star review and never plan on returning.\n\nPro tip: Try Sakana on Maryland Pkwy, Las Vegas - they don't skimp on their rolls or their nigiri (plus their yuzu actually tastes good)	0
I've had bad luck with the Deli at this Basha's. two time this year I've ordered a pizza and when I come to pick it up there is NO pizza!  1st time my order slip was found on the floor and then thrown in to the trash. Today's order, well the deli personnel act like I never called it in. I ordered a sausage with extra cheese and spelled out my name, because its unusual. They apologized and offered to make me another one, it'd take 15min. Well I've already waited 30min!  I left to go to SPROUTS to buy a frozen pizza. Basha's pizza is ok. I get it because I believe in shopping local. I live in Verrado and I want to support local businesses. It's a WIN WIN situation. I called and spoke to the manager, Tiffany. She apologized and offered me a free pizza next time. I told her she needs to look at the deli personnel and re-evaluate their procedures for taking orders. She even told me when I call to ask for the manager and place my order with them. A manager has time to take pizza orders??? It's one thing to own up to a mistake BUT totally something else to tell the customer they never order in the first place. Now we call the customer a liar!  I believe I'm done with Basha's.	0
My 1 star rating is for after having driven all the way down to the bookstore from the outskirts of town and having had to pay for parking, I was not permitted to swap my brand new sweatshirt for one a size larger. I was told that I needed a receipt. The sweatshirt still has the price tag attached. All they needed to do was scan it into their system to see that it did indeed come from their inventory. For those of you making purchases, make sure you keep the receipt.	0
Service n decor is outstanding! Old school vibe. Great place for friends from out of town. The name throws u off?? Sounds like a biker bar. All other reviews are on point. Have you ever  had bad garlic bread? It's a no brainier. So if your driving in from California exit early at south point and head north on lv blvd.	1
Had two bad experiences with this particular Villa Pizza...and the problem is always with the skank that answers the phone...had a coupon...she said are you sure it is ours?  when we got there we gave her the money the dummy gave the money back because she can not ring the register....on the Wednesday before we call for a pizza and the same girl (Janeth) answered...it was 8:30 p.m. half our before closing...she said are you sure you got the right place we close at 9...The management really needs to deal with this girl..very poor customer service...losing business because the this idiot...	0
Avoid at all costs - found chewed up bubblegum in the food\n\nWe found chewed up bubblegum in our food during lunch buffet.  What is worse is that the manager refused to throw out the dish from the buffet and replace the contents.  People, this is a bad sign since they are willing to cut corners and worse to save a few bucks.  \nAnyways why would they spit out gum into the food?  This is so gross!  I will not go there again since I am sure that they really don't give a damn about their customer's health and would rather have us get sick than waste a couple of bucks.	0
I'm a big fan of Hawaiian BBQ.  I'm from Hawaii and that's no surprise.  I came to this location the same night I visited Cold Stone.  There was a super long wait at the creamery, so I stopped in Ohana for a couple of musubis.  The great thing is they only cost $4 total!  \n\nThey put some tangy teriyaki sauce in the musubi.  The spam slices were thick and the best part:  the nori seaweed is crispy.  That means it was fresh!  \n\nThe only thing that turned me off was the girl that worked there.  Her sentences were prolonged by an irritating emphasis on her vowels and S's.  I don't mean to be a jerk, however, I was super turned off by this.  She was nice, true.  Maybe I wasn't in the best of moods.  Hopefully on my next visit, I can better assess this situation.	1
I have been going to this place for over 20 years now and it is the ideal greasy, cheesy and sinful cheeseburger and fries. The burgers are great and that goes with saying I don't eat meat anymore but I remember what they used to taste like. Fortunately, I can eat lots of other items that they have. The shakes are thick and fruity. I appreciate fries that are greasy but crisp, and in a brown paper bag and that's what you will get from Lucky Boy. \n\nLucky Boy not to be confused with the famous Big Boy burger shop (although you cannot miss the shop, there is a gigantic Big Boy-esque sign in red on top of the restaurant). It's not in the best area but neither are you going to see bullets come flying at you, come on some people have no clue what the ghetto really is.	1
Great food! love there churro ice cream dessert , mojitos are delicious and there chips and salsa hit the spot , i rarely eat mexican food so i havent tried there food , i usually go in for dessert and coffee =]	1
I went there today! The cut was terrible! I have an awful experience. They lady that cut my hair was nice but she wanted to leave early so she made a disaster in my head!	0
Boy I gotta tell ya - what a HUGE disappointment this place was. I've been dieting for the last 5 months and have finally reached my goal - and then some, so I decided to treat myself (good behavior) and have some fast food. At first I thought Wendy's until I saw that famous In-N-Out sign and pulled right in. The service was impeccable, the food? Not so much. I ordered the single cheeseburger with fries and a root beer. The bun on my burger was greasier than the burger itself - I could barely hold on to it! The fries  -  although hot  -  we're as dry as cardboard and actually tasted like cardboard...even my root beer was weak - how the heck can you screw up a root beer?!?! Five months of hard work and my reward completely and totally sucked. Thanks...I really should have gone to Wendy's - well, next time!	0
Worst customer experience from these obnoxious pricks!	0
Chicken burritttoooooo! Since this one is in the Marketplace, it's pretty much always busy. They are still good at getting you in and out though.	1
The rooms are newly remodeled and for $40 a night, this lady ain't complaining! The beds were comfy (big surprise) as were the pillows and the room was clean. \n\nThe rooms are uber tiny but, really, who cares? The toilet was at an angle behind the door and resembled a public restroom toilet, so that was weird, but it didn't inhibit use so no worries. \n\nI would highly recommend this hotel *if* you want to stay on Fremont. I would never stay here again, but that's only because I would never stay on Fremont St. again. Different strokes for different folks.	1
This wildflower has the look, feel, and [most importantly] delicious food as any other in the valley.  The space is a little smaller and tighter than most of the other locations I've been too, but it does have some outdoor seating to make up for it.  What really sets this location apart from the others is that it shares an open wall with the book store next door.  I can't explain why, but it really adds to the ambiance.\n\nMy only complaint is the parking lot, which is something that Wildflower itself cannot help.  The shopping center is packed with some big stores and restaurants, and barely has enough spaces to accommodate a Saturday afternoon lunch crowd.  Oddly enough, I've noticed this problem that a couple of other Wildflowers.	1
Came here for lunch with a co-worker. They have $5.95 and $6.95 lunch special options. The lunch special comes with choice of egg drop or hot and sour soup, a salad, and an eggroll. I opted for hot and sour soup and ginger beef. 20 minutes later after placing our order, we didn't even get our soup or salad. People coming in after us were halfway through their meals. I flag down a waitress to inquire and she apologizes and walks away. The original waitress comes by and apologizes stating it was her fault because she forgot to put in THE ENTIRE ORDER. Shortly after our food comes through, hot & sour soup was the highlight. The ginger beef was bland with chewey pieces of beef. Do you think they offered anything to rectify their mistake and taking away 20 minutes of our lunch break? That would be no. The waitress tried to make fake niceties and small talk after. Bland food and careless staff.. no thank you.	0
Great place for waxing! They are so nice and professional. :)	1
I got two pairs of shoes fixed here recently and I was very pleased with the work done and the cost.  It is a great little business to have in the neighborhood! \nMake sure you call and check their hours... Saturdays are probably your best bet.	1
Undercover police officers hang out in the store and harass you regarding the validity of your driver's license (and this happens AFTER you have your id scanned by the clerk). I had an experience the other night that took up 25 minutes of my time, which is absolutely unacceptable. In addition to this, the prices are ridiculously high. They charged $55 dollars for a handle of Jameson which can be purchased at costco for $38 dollars. My advice? Stay as far away from this place as humanly possible. \n\nSigned,\n\nAn irritated customer that is of age to purchase and consume alcoholic beverages	0
Wish there was a 0 star option. I would say this had to be the worst service I have ever received, but that would mean I actually received service. My wife and I came in and were told to seat ourselves anywhere we like. Once we seated ourselves, we waited about 5 minutes before receiving menus at which point we requested waters. We received our water orders promptly. We sorted out what we wanted to order and put out menus down - we then waited almost 20 minutes - no one came by for our order. During this time we saw the waiter come by several times and assist those who came in after us. It was quiet and very empty at the time (early afternoon) and there were only 3 other couples in the entire restaurant. There were at least two waiters just standing around and the third made rounds by us a few times and even noticed us try to flag him down - but never came by. After 25 minutes of waiting for someone to take our order we decided to leave and as we walked out, the two waiters standing by the door just smiled smugly and said \""have a nice day\"" as we walked out. It seems they were waiting for us to give up and leave on our own. We're not very vocal or confrontational people so they got no lip out of us unfortunately. Aside from this, the place is cozy looking, quiet, clean and easy to find and access. The people working there were the rudest I have ever met though and we were very excited to try a place.	0
Though Electric Haven can seem intimidating at first, don't be fooled.\n\nEverything about this place is super friendly and awesome. There's nothing like sipping on a cold beer, admiring tattoo art, and getting an affordable high-quality haircut. The staff is great, the environment is relaxing, and with their comfy couch + keg, waiting for a haircut has never been more enjoyable. \n\nThe haircut itself is one of the best men's cuts I've ever received. The barbers really know what they're doing, putting in time and care that most barbers can't match. After the haircut, stock up on a free comb, loyalty card, stickers, and brochure about the company's unique history. \n\nTip well and tell all your friends.	1
I wanted this place to work out. One of my Boyfriend's co-worker's John, RANTS about this place. I've read their menu about 6 times in the past year. We came here one time last year & ended up walking away because the NIGHT STAFF don't seem to care too kindly about customer service. They just rude, \""What do you want?\"". My boyfriend & turned right back around & told the guy \""I'm all set\"".  If that wasn't our FIRST bad sign.\n\nLast night at 9pm, (wasn't busy) we tried it & when we should have turned right back around. Same thing again. \""Yo, what can I get ya?\"", it was better than the last time. LOL we ordered two philly's. The guy took the time to ask me if I wanted onion. I said no onion PLEASE. Now I'm standing there reading the big sign in English, about how they PRIDE themselves on accuracy . Also make sure you get the receipt or the meal is on them! (cool!!!)  I'm thinking \""WOW, they know to please their customers.\"" \n\nAt this point I'm trying to find a clean table, okay so I wipe down a table myself with my lemon scented hand wipes... I'm dying from the aroma coming from the kitchen.\n\nFOOD TIME - The meat was DRY, it tasted like I was eating STEAKUMS ( ew ?!), with a hint of seasoning. VERY bland & dreadful food. Mine came with hardly any prov. cheese, I had ONION & mushrooms weren't cooked! I thought they would of sauteed the mushrooms at the very least on the grill. A philly is supposed to be juicy, flavorful & and most of all LOADED.\n\nEven after the bad first expereince, I gave you the benefit of the doubt guy! I tipped & I still ended up feeling like I'm the bad guy. How does that work?\n\nI'm putting my foot down, this place deserves a one star rating. I hope the Owner reads these reviews..	0
My friend and I used the recent $25 for $50 Groupon to check out Pewter Rose on a Saturday night. \n\nHonestly, I thought it was a little bit on the pricey side for what it was so I'm glad that we had the coupon. The atmosphere was pleasant but a little kitschy and I kind of felt that plastic tablecloths were inappropriate when you're charging $20+ a plate. \n\nThat said, it was absolutely packed in there. We had reservations for 8pm and arrived right on time and the hostess was able to find us a seat within about 5 minutes. However the first thing out waiter said was essentially \""We're really busy tonight so I hope you're prepared to wait a while for your food\"". We weren't in any rush and agreed that was fine. The service was good, our waiter was very attentive and kept our water glasses filled but even though we ordered as soon as we were able to, it was after 8:30 before we got our appetizer and 9:20, and honestly that was more waiting than I had expected to do. While the restaurant was full, it is not *that* large. \n\nI had the seafood risotto and it was pretty delicious and I would eat it again. My friend had the herb encrusted lamb and while it was good, we both found it to be overly salty. \n\nI might come back and try the brunch but I don't think I'd pay full price for the dinner.	0
Very unimpressed by my first and probably last visit to Chop last Saturday night. \n\nThe problems started with the hostess, nice enough, but clearly confused. I waited 45 minutes for a table that was empty when we arrived. The service was piecemeal and I wasn't really sure who our actual server was. The manager took our order and followed up when she could, she was nice enough to offer a larger table than the smaller one that we were initially seated. That effort was the highlight of our night. Others brought our food and the occasional drink refill. But my wife waited 20 minutes for a glass of red wine and was never asked if she wanted another. \n\nThe menu was uninspired. We started with a spinach dip and chips and an order of fried calamari. Neither very memorable. Each of us had burgers and fries. All the food came out quickly and was fine, but we left expecting something better. \n\nThe location and atmosphere are great, although from what we sampled of the menu and service, that's what Chop has going for it. All flash and very little substance. At least that was our experience on a moderately busy Saturday night.	0
Tasty! Very tasty! Ok so I've never been to the East Coast and I'm an Arizona Native so the only comparison for this burger joint is other burger joints in the valley. \n\nThe burger is actually a double, you order the toppings individually, and they have the standards. They make it in front of you which is nice. The pattys were tasty and the buns were some of the best on a burger i've ever had!! Fries were good as well.\n\nWe ordered two burgers, one side of fries and one drink and the total was $18.xx. Expensive? Well it's more expensive than McDonalds of course but not more than a restaurant, it's a good middle ground. I think you pay for the quality. I definitely don't mind paying extra for a great tasting quality burger! \n\nThe decore was......um....interesting. Pretty white everywhere. Peanuts as an appetizer?!? And on the wall was non-local reviews. I rather have local reviews but that's all minor. I went to get a good tasting non-fast food chain burger and that's what I got. I'm happy, and will be returning, probably several times. \n\nFYI-If they had alcohol, they would have gotten 5 stars from me. (It'd be nice for \""fast food, sit down joints\"" to take a page out of the Chipotle handbook) umk that's all.	1
One word: Molasses! This location is extremely slow around lunch. I came in with 6 of my co-workers on a Thursday around 11am. There were probably around 2 or 3 tables with people at the time.  We were seated promptly and our orders were taken in a timely matter. It took a little over an hour for our food to arrive, and 2 of the 7 dishes were ice cold. The cashier did remove the items from our bill, which was nice. I don't want to be completely negative, so I will say I ordered the mini chicken artichoke pizza which was extremely tasty. Claim Jumper is fine.. chain food, huge portions. I would just avoid this location during lunch.	0
One word... bland.	0
Last meal in Vegas before flying home. Fabulous food and outstanding service. The goat cheese fundido was scrumptious as an appetizer. I had grilled mahi mahi which was very flavorful and had a spicy twist. I love spicy so it was right up my alley. Wife had smoked shrimp tacos which were excellent as well. If in Vegas this is a must meal!	1
I ordered 2 dishes.\n\nGreen Curry Chicken - tasted okay, quality of food was good.  overall good, but i didn't like how expensive it was.  maybe its because there aren't many thai restaurants that they can charge a lot, but i've had much better elsewhere for much cheaper.\n\nBasil Beef - I've never had basil beef that was served with ground beef!  I usually get pieces/slices of beef, but this place served it with ground beef.  after i realized it was ground beef, i had only a little bit since it didn't taste all that good.\n\nadvice: don't order beef dishes, go with the chicken.	0
Terrible Takeout! Do not go!\nI called in my order, simple two omelet, with some fruit and tomatoes on the side. Nothing crazy. So I got thought the extended diatribe on the phone clarifying and identify I understand the extra charges for a side of tomatoes, the cashier says 10 minutes.\nI get to the restaurant about 6 minutes later only to sit and wait another 20 or so, the price of which had never been disclosed to me. $11 per 4-egg omelet. I was a little shocked, but then my order was also wrong, they missed my extras and wanted to charge me even more for simple stuff like an ounce of tomatoes. I'm trying to grin and bare it, when the cashier dashes off without a word to get her manager, because she doesn't actually know the cost of said side of tomatoes. The manager comes out with a half -ass-ed apology and an offer to \""take care of me\"" the NEXT time I choose to suffer through this establishment's shotty service.\nSo now that I've arrived at my office a whole 3 minute drive away, My fruit cup was leaking all over the bag of food. Each meal was luke warm, the ranch potatoes nearly broke a tong of my plastic fork, which we received one less than requested. My crazy chicken  omelet, which is described as \""Loaded with julienned chicken breast, fresh mushrooms and guacamole. Topped with muenster cheese and sour cream.\"" on the website, had flavorless dark meat chicken, and mushy old guacamole that was terrible.\nDon't trouble yourself with this establishment, food should be a delight, not a stressful experience.	0
I have never been disappointed with my food here or at any Bachi Burger location. The food is always amazing to say the least. But the service is almost sub par. When we received our appetizer, we weren't given plates to eat it on, or silverware to eat it with. \nOur waiter didn't come to check on us at all the whole time we ate. Someone else brought our food, and someone else filled our water glass, ONCE. We waited quite a while for our check. All the servers were in the back chatting amongst themselves I saw none of them out checking on any tables at all. It was happy hour and no one told us or gave us a menu, we found it out in our own. I myself am a server, I do this for a living and I was embarrassed by the lack of pride taken by the wait staff. This is not the first time I have had below average service at the Summerlin location. \n\nAs I look at the reviews it seems I am not the only one who notices the bad service. I hope it catches on and something is done to fix it.	0
So, we are waiting for a flight at 8AM and having a breakfast burrito at Blue Burrito (connected to Taberna del Tequila at Sky Harbor Airport) and I was complaining to my boyfriend that they don't give out their really good hot sauce anymore - instead they give Tapatio (sucks).   The guy sitting next to us (Roger) works at Taberna del Tequila and he got up and went to the restaurant and brought us some!  Went out of his way to make sure we were good and it wasn't even something we bought at the restaurant!   Needless to say, over and above.  Thanks, Roger!	1
I am basing my review only on the morning news... \n\nIn the morning, you will hear the traffic report and basic weather info once every 10 minutes... on the 8s. That makes this the best news to listen to and/or watch in the mornings if you actually need to venture out of your house for work or anything else... \n\nI am a fan of keeping things simple, and that's what Channel 8 morning news does.	1
We have driven by this place for years and have never stopped in...boy, were we missing out!  We picked out several items for a picnic and had a great feast - salami, bierwurst, swiss cheese, pretzel sticks, sparkling water and Haribo gummies.  The staff is so pleasant and helpful and the prices are very reasonable, but make sure you remember your cash...no credit cards accepted!\n\nI'll definitely be back for rouladen, potato dumplings, mustard, red cabbage and other tasty treats!	1
Placed a rather simple pick up order-small pepperoni pizza.  I was not told a price on the phone, I figured it would be in the 10 dollar range.  Lesson learned, never assume anything!  When i got there, I paid over 15$, which, I'm sorry is EXCESSIVE!   They need to sprinkle gold or something on there to make it worth the money at that price.  Either way, I paid since I did order it and figured if it was a really good pizza it was worth it.  Needless to say I was further disappointed when I got home and started eating it-now, I don't have extremely high standards when it comes to pizza-I love dominos, pizza hut, you name it-but the sauce was bland and had no taste to it. I lived in Boston for many years and have visited NYC many times; believe me when I tell you, this place has nothing, and I mean NOTHING in common with NY pizza.  I was disappointed and won't be back.	0
This is a great place for sandwiches. I had a cheesesteak last time I was there and it was great. The cheesesteak here is made with mushrooms, peppers, and provolone cheese. Everything I have tried here has always been very good.	1
Horrible, horrible, horrible.\r\n\r\nFirst we made the mistake of getting off the elevator on the 5th floor which had been completely gutted for remodeling. No wallpaper, no carpet, nothing but a lamp with no shade on the floor and an impending feeling of doom. (our room was on another floor)\r\n\r\nWe were woken up to a giant jackhammer on the floor above us at 7am. We then had to go through hoops to get moved to the 2nd tower which was not under construction.\r\n\r\nThe restaurant staff told us a meal would be comped and then tried charging for us. The supervisor argued with us and basically told us we were lying.\r\n\r\nWhen he went in the back we stole the food. \r\n\r\n\r\nIt's now the Hooters Hotel and Casino. The construction is reportedly over, but as god is my witness i will never step  foot in that building again.	0
MacTaggarts is the best. Enough said. \n\nThe prices are a little steep, but that's understandable based on where they're located. They have pretty much everything you could ask out of a neighborhood market: cool tunes, great employees, and Boar's Head everything. \n\nThey have an underrated selection of different micro-brews as well, which is (imho) a huge plus. \n\nOnly thing you need to look out for is their half step coming up and down the stairs (if and when you're there, you'll know exactly what I'm talking about). \n\nStay cool \""tags\""	1
Horrible terrible service EVERY.SINGLE.TIME. Don't bother complaining though because it will not fix the problem. The only reason I have gone here as much as I have is because if you are actually able to order food it's usually pretty damn good. Love their sliders and fireball whiskey shots!!! It's just unfortunate that the service and prices are so miserable. Also, if your under 18 they probably won't let you in without someone 21 or older. They turned away my son and his girlfriend. Good news is that it's not usually very crowded. I can't imagine why.  Sorry for the harsh review but that's what happens when your service is consistently bad and you obviously don't care!	0
You guessed it ... another Rent-a-Car centre one-star from this yelp.com user.\n\nThis is not isolated stuff here. \n\nEvery one of these companies at McCarran bait and switch, accept reservations (even pre-paid), and then do not honour. \n\nThe following is my firsthand experience with Thrifty:\n\nIt was late Thursday night. I guess it was during Spring Break (how this is germane is beyond me, but it was brought up by an employee). I had already been turned away by several McCarran companies, like E-Z, Firefly (rentals, not the restaurant with horrific health code violations), and maybe another. \n\nI quickly make a reservation on my fancy phone via carrentals.com. Just 15$/day, which seemed like a steal at the time, especially with my 12$/day pre-paid reservation at E-Z not being honoured, and enormous queues at Hertz and Payless, but when I reach the counter I am informed they have no cars. I can wait until 0400 -- I am told (it is 0030 at this point) -- or, I can accept a hook-up to an unnamed company (different from Thrifty) for fifty (50) dollars ($) a day. Fifty! \n\nYou see ... it was either agree to fifty a day or wait for four or more hours for a car. And this was some other company -- one that was never named -- that this Thrifty employee was referring me to. Paraphrasing here: \""If you walk up right now, it would be eighty a day. I can get your fifty because this is my friend and I will be sending you to them.\"" Later, she repeated this line, but mistakenly estimated the walk-up rate now to be ninety (90), because of \""Spring Break.\"" You can't make this shit up. \n\nAfter I say no, politely, I sit for about five minutes or less -- no bullshit -- and, the same employee tells me to head back to the counter because they had my car. The 15$/day car. My untested hypothesis is that it was there all along. \n\nIt had Colorado plates and was filthy, inside and out. I turned it in cleaner after the weekend than it was when dispatched to me.	0
Food was ok, service terrible. Sunday lunchtime and they had many workers running around, but not very attentive to my party of 5. \n\nLike I said, food was ok but certainly not worth what we paid for it. Was like sitting in a barn, and they played alternative rock videos, one would think a pseudo western place would at least play pseudo western music, too.	0
This is the best breakfast place in Scottsdale. Best sandwiches ever.	1
my standard order - hamburger, animal style, mustard instead of spread, toast - fries, xxwell. they get it right every time. food is above average and service is well above average.	1
I would absolutely never go here again. \nI do not drink but I absolutely love to dance. Its over crowded, I expected it to be crowded, but not to the point where I cant even turn around!. I didnt have bottle service but I was near a v.i.p. table and the waitress was being a total batch (if you know what I mean). I was dancing and a beer bottle was on the floor and instead of kicking it again and dancing on it or someone possibly getting hurt, I picked it up and put it on the v.I.p. table and she turned around and tried to hand it to me. I explained it was not mine because I do not drink. She proceeded to shove it on my chest forcefully and demanded I take it, instead of listening to me!. \nIf you dont like your job, dont work there!!!!	0
This place is AWESOME!\n\nLet me tell, I was very pleased with the customer service and fair pricing. I came into the shop today to get service done to my 2002 Suzuki Grand Vitara. I am very happy, my car is in great condition!\n\nThe employees are super friendly. Whereas most auto repair shops are seedy and try to yank every last penny from you, Tran's Auto Repair is honest and open with the customer. They tell you what fixes are urgent and need to be done immediately, and apprise you of what fixes aren't so urgent but should be taken care of sooner than later. Their prices are very fair, and they always try to use after-market parts to keep costs down, which I think is cool. They can use authentic brand/manufacturer-specific parts if you wish, you'll just pay more. The mechanic allowed me watch as he conducted the repairs, pointing things out to me. He even wrote down for me the things that would need to get done to my car next time I come in. Today was my first visit here, and I will definitely be back within the month to take care of some other issues under the hood.This auto repair shop gets an A+!	1
I've never been much of a gym rat, so take this review with a dose of salt (which, along with sugar, is the only thing that motivates me to work out in the first place). I love food and drink, so exercising has really become my golden ticket to my personal Wonka factory, where I can consume as I please but still stay relatively trim. \n\nAnd when I first started really working out a few years ago, I quickly realized that the only way for me to be successful was to accept one of my other personal flaws (outside of gluttony): impatience. I can barely go a few minutes at a desk without wanting to do something or talk to someone, so expecting myself to diligently pound a treadmill for an hour at a time is a sure guarantee of failure. That's why I started to do kickboxing at Lee's Martial Arts in Laveen (see my review). The diversity of exercises, the pumping music and motivation of an instructor made it easy to stay engaged for the full hour required to really burn calories and get in shape. \n\nGiven that, when we moved to Central Phoenix a few months ago, I wanted to find a new workout home where classes were a priority--and I didn't have to pay a fortune to get that in addition to basic gym privileges. With that as my criteria, the Y has been more than satisfactory. The cost (only $70 per month for two adults) is really reasonable, the instructors are motivating and seem genuinely happy to be teaching, the free weight room has tons of good equipment for any extra toning I want to do, the locker rooms are clean and the staff is all friendly and helpful. Plus, I can continue to do kickboxing with Marco (great instructor) every Monday and Wednesday at 5:30. I also really like that the facility is housed in an old building. In a city of strip malls and new construction, God knows we could use a little character. \n\nOf course, the Y has downsides (bad parking as others have mentioned, awkward layout, less-than-high-end showering facilities and sub-par food choices), but it's well worth the money, and my waistline, wallet and attention span are all the better since joining.	1
To quote my previous review: \n\""I'm calling this 3.75 Stars, but I'd easily give another star if there was some mango sticky rice available with the boofay for dessert, but I'll admit that's a lot to ask. \""\n\n==\nWell, I didn't get my Mango Sticky Rice, but the Saturday boofay contained a few items not there during weekday lunch, including a wonderful Thai Custard Tart with Apple slices and a seasonally updated version of the fruit salad with tons of ripe mango, strawberry, and pineapple.\n\nThe hot line had a few extras as well.  There were more seafood dishes than during the week,  a unique thai 'salsa' with diced green/red peppers and avocado, and a new crispy tofu number I hadn't ever seen before.\n\nI also got to experience the same level of friendly, attentive service I've grown to expect, but from a completely different set of staff.\n\nConsistency like this points to a very well run establishment.\n\nSo since I promised I'd do it, 4.75 stars!	1
I went with a group of pizza lovers to check this place out. I hail from the land of GREAT pizza, (NY and Philly) so I was pleasantly surprised with finding a good NY pizza place in the land of notoriously bad pizza, aka Las Vegas.\n\nI had the daily special which was around  $8 for 1 pepperoni and 1 cheese slice with a soft drink. The pizza was really good. It could have been hotter but since they were trying to serve 28 of us I think they hurried the process a bit. \n\nThe end crust was way too thick for true NY pizza but not a big deal. There was plenty of seating and the place was really clean. \n\nSome other people in our group were noticing that Joe's did not serve beer which is strange for a Vegas eatery so not sure what happened there. (They booze you up everywhere else in this town).\n\nIf you want a slice of NY pizza this is the best one I have found. So far anyway......	1
AVANTI APARTMENTS authorizes tow truck companies to tow their own resident's cars in the middle of the night. I had a problem getting my car registered. The city put a hold on my license plate for old parking tickets I was in the middle of disputing. After I got an orange ticket put on my car threatening to tow it I contacted the Avanti office. The guy I talked to, who identified himself as the assistant manager, said yes my car would be towed because those were the the rules in the lease I entered into. I tried to explain to him my situation and that I was trying to take care of it, and that if my car was towed I would lose my job and then couldn't pay them rent. He ignored me and repeated rules are rules and yes my car would probably be towed in ONE DAY.\nThe whole time he was talking to me like a child who disobeyed him and not like a tenant who pays his salary. They're hundreds of apartments to choose from in Las Vegas. Why live at one who is involved in a racket with a corrupt towing company where you have to worry every morning whether your car is going to be there or not? Read for yourself reviews of the tow truck company Avanti is working with:\u00a0http://www.yelp.com/not_recommended_reviews/3SYfJHV7EEY1BYJtpxd7dg	0
What a great hotel!  Modern & Clean and a good restaurant.  The best part is the staff.  I stayed there over 5 weeks this winter and to a person the staff was helpful, friendly and easy-going.  Even working in Waterloo, this hotel was worth the 20 minute commute (good place for all you consultants at RIM, Manulife, SunLife, etc.)	1
i can not write a review without clicking on a 'star'- this veterenary place does not deserve any star at all!  \n\nworse service ever, staff are impolite, theres this asian front desk/back office staff that is rude and dreadful- she thinks she's all that! shes got the i dont care attitude!\n\nand dont even get me started with the so called vet doctors, we waited for almost an hour in room 4  to wait for that vet to see us!\n\nwhere is/are the owners of this dump???   clearly we can see that customer service is not priority! \nhey if you want to do good business- shame up or ship out!\n\narrogance is the word! this place deserve no star!!!\n\ndo us all a favor! close down your business!!! now!!!!!!!!!!	0
Hands down the worst target I've ever been to. Grew up in this neighborhood and even in high school it was still a nightmare. Unorganized, dirty, never well-stocked and the patrons...YIKES. I know that probably shouldn't factor into my rating but good God, this is the one place I am guaranteed to be run over by a rogue cart of a mother of 8 kids under the age 10 who's letting one of those 8 wield the cart. Unacceptable.	0
Grimy, dirty room.  Exposed wiring, most outlets non-functioning.  Broken furniture.  Awful!  The airport put us up here after they cancelled out flight.	0
Terrible detail,  didn't even look like it had been anything other then car wash, front of car still had bug guts on it, trunk wasn't even cleaned.  Dannys car wash gives a better detail for less money for the groupon or so called \""special\"".  Don't go here, waste of money.	0
Very tasty filet. Service was good...others enjoyed their prime rib and short ribs. Only complaint was too much dressing on the Caesar. Would recommend if you're in Vegas.	1
Judging a pho restaurant is pretty easy: try their pho at 9am when they first open and before you add anything to the broth see how it tastes. If it tastes good at 9am the restaurant is very good. In this case, we came to Pho 1 at 8:55am and I was a little nervous as some restaurants like to make their broth at 7am and its honestly not ready at 9am or even 10am. In this case, the pho had been cooking all night and it was incredible. If you like pho I would highly, highly recommend Pho 1.	1
The service and the food has gone so downhill lately. Used to be so much better. We complained to the guy who said he was the manager and his name was Jerry. He just stood there and laughed at us. I guess when you do so much business you don't need to care about your customers or in this case ex customers. I wish yelp would allow negative stars.	0
I was on vacation and I found this particular restaurant through Yelp and what a great find it was!  My wife and I had lasagna and then we got a pizza to go. Both items were absolutely delicious. We also tried the house dressing on our salads. It was a kind of thick creamy Italian dressing and it was excellent.\nIt's a small family run operation. The kind of place where you walk in and order at the counter and then have a seat. The place is very clean and well lit. It is located in a shopping center so there is plenty of parking. \nSo if you are looking for a good fairly priced Italian restaurant without any pretense check this one out. You won't be disappointed.	1
Food was ok, a bit overpriced, but it was in the casino. But the service took forever for coffee, over 20 minutes to get the bill after asking for it. stick with the basics, oatmeal, french toast, dont try anything fancy because they don't do it well.	0
This is a good, clean place if you want some Vietnamese food.  I am not a huge fan of their pho (and I've lived in Los Angeles and San Diego where I have been exposed to amazing pho), but the rest of their food is good.  I specifically love the S5 which is the egg noodle soup with duck. I have had this dish at many other places and never has it been as good as it is here because most other places make it too sweet.  The service here is also great, and I have met the owner and his wife on several occasions and both are really great people and really care about their customers. Ingredients are always fresh such as the jalapenos and basil given on the side. And there are TVs if you want to stop by during a game that you don't want to miss.	1
If you are really here for swimming, make sure you don't get sucked into the pool party side- its tempting. Once you go in, its hard to turn back :)\n\nI'm glad Tao Beach have the flexibility of mellowness and craziness. If you want to swim and lay out to tan, there is a section outside to do so (from the entrance, you will see it). However, if you came here to party and have a good time in the sun in your bikini/trunks, slip into the dark siddddddeeee- not literally :)\n\nThe line moves by quickly, and if you are a girl- more then likely, you will get free admission. They hand you a towel and you walk through to the party scene. MAKE SURE YOU DON'T GO INTO THE WATER HERE. It looked infested with STDs. But with enough drinks, I guess that all goes out the door :P\n\nGood Music!! Dance Anywhere!! Nice Cabanas!! Great Service!! If you order a pitcher, the gorgeous waitress pour and serve the drinks for you. However, I do recommend bringing in your own drinks (they are allowed). The prices in Vegas are ridiculous.  \n\nOhhhh! Best Part? Sometimes you get to see celebrities come through on the red carpet.  The last time I came, I saw Lil John!!!	1
Stopped in here for lunch with my mom after visiting the Museum.  I was curious to try this place since it received a good review from Howard Seftel in the AZ Republic.\n\nIt's basically cafeteria style and you can order several interesting choices.  I noticed that a lot of their produce is organic and grown locally.\n\nI had the Global which if memory serves me correctly, was a braised beef shank.  It was served with a salad of super fresh ingredients including purple beets.\n\nDefinitely try to stop in for lunch.  They are only open 11AM to 2 PM.	1
I really like Terrace, and I like that they are locally owned and operated. While I cut my teeth at the Piedmont Row location, I found this Ballantyne restaurant to be fulfilling as well.\n\nThe space was once something else...and I ate there once. It wasn't very memorable. So I was super excited to see that Terrace was moving in. \n\nHaving been for dinner (3 stars), I direct my attention to their extensive breakfast and brunch offerings (5 stars). I have had several menu items here, but the standouts are:\n\n* Oatmeal (so, so good)\n* Omelette with tomato, spinach and mozz (if they feel like letting me have mozz that day, since it's not on the omelette menu)\n* RED VELVET WAFFLE (not for the faint of heart. quite sweet.)\n* Blueberry pancakes \n\nI appreciate that they're trying to do the dinner thing, but it's just not happening. I'd recommend going for breakfast/lunch (they serve breakfast every day until 2:30). \n\nI'm getting hungry... Who wants to meet me for lunch?	1
No one seems to like this place and now I know why. Maybe I'm giving it 2 stars because I'm a fan of their sangria. The chicken tacos are standard. My sis had the chicken skewers appetizer and said they were pretty dry.  I was there for happy hour on a Friday night and it was pretty quiet. Our bartender was nice but not super friendly. Um, I think that was my last visit to Pink Taco.	0
Any time I go Las Vegas and want to stay on the Strip, Harrah's is the hotel I choose.  The location of Harrah's is excellent-right in the middle of the Strip. The rooms are nice, clean, comfortable and the price is very reasonable.  Harrah's is not too big, so you don't have to walk a mile to get out of the hotel. Around the hotel there are tons of places to eat inexpensively. For the room choice, I often ask for the one in Carnival Tower which is away from the noisy Carnival Court.  All deluxed rooms are renovated, so they are all good. I used to stay in Madi Gras Tower a few times, no problem with the noise either, but some said it's noisy. Anyway the rooms in Madi Gras Tower are a bit smaller then those in Carnival Tower. If you're not looking for a very luxurious hotel, just a hotel with good clean comfortable room and lively atmosphere, then I think you won't be disappointed with Harrah's.	1
I always order the same thing here. At all chipotles really. I love the consistency. As with most places like this, they have standards to adhere to and this location does a fine job of that. I always know what I'm getting here. This location seems to be popular by the amount of people I always see here.\n\nContrary to some reviews about this locations, I don't feel that they \""skimp\"" on the portion sizes. I don't get beans, sour cream, sauces, or \""extra\"" anything and it's still overflowing. It's enough for me and I'm 6'1\""... Although it IS pretty addictive so I always want more. Lol. \n\nMy recommendation would be to go at non-peak hours because the line is significantly shorter.	1
Love the location especially when the ice skating rink is up and running. Sitting on the patio is pretty chill watching all the people happily skating around. Every time I have come for happy hour drinks with or without snacks, there is some kind of hassle ordering-- can't find wine, or glasses or how to ring it up on cash register, but I keep coming back because it is  a relaxing place to hang out without a ton of creeps--- it is what is is and for the most part it is just fine.	1
