State - owned enterprises and dominant private enterprises entered the old revolutionary areas of southern Jiangxi.
On 26 and 27 September, in order to deepen and expand the educational achievements on the theme "Remember your original heart and remember your mission," the Central Office for the Integration of Civilian and Military Affairs, the National Defense Bureau and the All-China Federation of Industry and Commerce jointly organized a survey on "State-owned enterprises and superior private enterprises entering the old revolutionary districts of southern Jiangxi," revisiting the history of the revolution, tracing the red footprint, inheriting the red genes, and carrying out the docking of relevant enterprises with the needs of the cities of Jiangxi and Jiangxi to accelerate the development of the old revolutionary districts.
Jin Zhuanglong, deputy director of the Central Office of Civil-Military Integration, Xu Lejiang, deputy minister of the Central Command and War Department, secretary and deputy chairman of the All-China Federation of Industry and Commerce, Zhang Kejian, director of the National Defense Bureau, Li Bingjun, deputy secretary of the Jiangxi Provincial Party Committee and secretary of the Jiangxi Provincial Party Committee participated in the study.
Among the enterprises participating in the research activities are 8 military-industrial group companies, such as China Aerospace Science and Technology Group Co., Ltd., 10 Minkou State-owned enterprises, such as Hunan Rare Earth Metals Research Institute, and 15 leading private enterprises, such as Research Xiang Group.
Meanwhile, the researchers visited the memorial garden at the starting point of the Central Red Army's Long March, paid tribute to the revolutionary martyrs, received traditional revolutionary education, reviewed the difficult course of the Red Army's Long March, conducted on-site research on seven enterprises and a testing centre in Ganzhou City, held special symposiums, concluded eight cooperation projects and signed on-site contracts.
At the symposium on research activities, Ganzhou City introduced its unique industrial advantages and introduced high-quality projects to participating enterprises.
Speaking on behalf of the Military Industrial Group Corporation, the Minkou State-owned enterprises, private enterprises and local enterprises, China Weapons Industry Group Co., Ltd., China Steel Research and Technology Group Co., Ltd., Xi'an Tianhe Defense Technology Co., Ltd. and Jiangxi Jinli Yongmagnet Technology Co., Ltd., respectively, they said that they would continue to strengthen the docking of State-owned enterprises and dominant private enterprises with the needs of Jiangxi Province and Ganzhou City, gradually broaden the areas of cooperation, help promote the upgrading and transformation of industries, and push the revolutionary old areas to achieve high-quality development.
Through this research activity, we have gained a better understanding of the unique advantages of industrial development in the old revolutionary areas of southern Jiangxi, clarified the key tasks of economic and social development in the old revolutionary areas at the present stage, and firmly believed that state-owned and private enterprises should serve the people and work for them.
Beijing market regulators launch comprehensive enforcement of commodity prices before the holiday
Beijing, Sept. 27 (Reporter Du Yan) To strengthen pre-National Day market supervision and law enforcement, the Beijing Municipal Market Supervision Bureau on the eve of the National Day inspection of various business entities more than 2,000 households.
The inspection showed that the supply of food, oil, meat, fruits, vegetables, eggs and milk and other basic necessities was sufficient, the prices of commodities were basically stable, no serious violations of the law were found, and the overall order of market operations was stable.
Today, a reporter from the Beijing Municipal Bureau of Market Supervision was informed that the Bureau had launched a "Comprehensive Law Enforcement Inspection Day" throughout the city, focusing on key areas and key areas to conduct all-factor and all-link law enforcement inspections in price, industry and commerce, quality supervision, medicine and commerce, and standardizing market operation order in a comprehensive manner.
According to the report, the five law enforcement teams of the Beijing Municipal Market Supervision Bureau, namely, price, industry and commerce, quality supervision, food and medicine, and commerce, worked together and cooperated closely.
During the inspection, law enforcement officials focused on price behaviour, advertising and publicity, food safety, metrology standards and production safety systems.
The market supervisory bureaus of all regions have also organized and conducted joint law enforcement inspections simultaneously, dispatching more than 1,600 law enforcement officers and inspecting more than 2,000 households of all types of business entities.The inspections revealed that the supply of food, oil, meat, fruits, vegetables, eggs and milk and other basic necessities in the market was sufficient, commodity prices were basically stable, operators were able to operate in accordance with the law, no serious violations of the law were found, and the overall order of market operations was stable.
The Beijing Municipal Bureau of Market Supervision said it would strengthen emergency duty-keeping during the National Day holiday, continuously conduct inspections and inspections of markets, handle all kinds of market supervision issues promptly in accordance with the law, and deal seriously with the illegal business practices reported by the public once they were verified, so as to safeguard the legitimate rights and interests of consumers.
"China in My Heart" Chinese Essay Competition of Confucius Institute, Royal Cambodian Academy of Sciences unveiled
The "China in My Heart" Chinese essay contest on the theme of the 70th Anniversary of New China was unveiled and awarded at the Confucius Institute of the Royal Cambodian Academy of Sciences on the 26th.
China's Embassy in Cambodia diplomat Zhong Zhengfa, representative of the Cambodian-China Council of Directors General and President of the Cambodian Jiangxi Chamber of Commerce Wei Siyu and other distinguished guests presented awards.
The competition, which took place over a two-month period, was aimed at Cambodian primary and secondary school students (including specialists) and university students (including social workers), according to Chek Ching, the Chinese dean of the Confucius Institute of the Royal Cambodian Academy of Sciences.
China's Embassy in Cambodia diplomat Zhong Junfa presented certificates to first prize winners Lin Weicai of the University Group and Guo Lina of the Primary and Secondary School Group.
According to Tchai Keqing, the entries were divided into universities and primary and secondary schools, and senior Cambodian Chinese experts were invited to form a judging committee to select the first prize, second prize, third prize, third prize, first prize, second prize, third prize, first prize, second prize, first prize, second prize, first prize, second prize, first prize, second prize, first prize, second prize, first prize, second prize, first prize, second prize, first prize, second prize, first prize, second prize, first prize, second prize, first prize, second prize, first prize, second prize, first prize, second prize, first prize, second prize, first prize, second prize, first prize, second prize, first
Lin Weicai, first prize winner in the university group, said he had studied Chinese for 15 years and had made a great impact on himself.
Through the essay contest, we will write about the welfare brought to Cambodia under the Belt and Road Initiative and the traditional friendship between the two countries, and hope that the younger generation will continue to build on the friendship.
The picture shows the guest and the winner.
As an overseas Chinese, Guo Lina, the first prize winner of the Primary and Secondary Schools category, said she felt differently when she had the opportunity to express her feelings about "China in her heart" in her native language.
Hosts said the contest not only created a positive atmosphere for Sino-Cambodian relations, but also attracted more and more Cambodian students to study in China.
The United Nations International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA) released a report on the 26th that Iran has begun using advanced centrifuges to accelerate the production of enriched uranium, further violating the 2015 nuclear agreement with the world's major powers.
According to comprehensive media reports, the IAEA reported that advanced centrifuges at Iran's Natanz nuclear facility "are accumulating or are ready to accumulate enriched uranium."
Since US President Donald Trump withdrew from the nuclear deal last May, and imposed sanctions on Iran, Iran is gradually violating the limits of the 2015 nuclear deal with the major powers.
The agreement stipulates that Iran can refine uranium only with first-generation IR-1 centrifuges.
The other signatories of the deal, Britain, China, France, Germany and Russia, have been trying to salvage it, but Tehran has repeatedly accused Europe of not doing enough.
Japanese Foreign Minister ShigeruèŒ‚ held talks with Russian Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov in New York on the afternoon of the 25th, confirming that he would push for the conclusion of a peace treaty covering the territorial issues of the four northern islands (the disputed islands between Japan and Russia, known as the "Northern Islands" and the "Southern Kuril Islands") and develop bilateral relations in a wide range of political and economic fields.
It was the first time since Mao took office that he had held consultations with Russia as the head of negotiations on a peace treaty.
Mao told the Russian side that he "wanted practical consultations, including the promotion of joint economic activities (on the four northern islands)."
According to the Government of Japan, there was no detailed discussion of the territorial issues during the talks.
At the Russian-Japanese summit in December 2018, the two foreign ministers agreed to accelerate negotiations.
At the talks, the two foreign ministers welcomed the progress of consultations on joint economic activities in the fields of tourism and waste disposal.
"I hope it will be successful and lead to the next step," he said, looking forward to a pilot tour scheduled for October.
Furthermore, the talks confirmed that Lavrov will visit Japan in November in conjunction with a meeting of G20 foreign ministers in Nagoya.
Tuionoa was elected the new Prime Minister of Tonga.
Nuku'alofa: The South Pacific island nation of Tonga's parliament elected the current Minister of Finance and National Planning, Poshiwa Tui'onetoa, as the country's new prime minister, replacing former Prime Minister Akilisi Poshiwa, who died of illness earlier this month.
According to the main Tongan media website MATANGI, the Tongan Parliament is unicameral and consists of 26 members.
In a parliamentary vote on the same day, Tuionoa received 23 votes in favour, defeating rival Deputy Prime Minister and Minister of Infrastructure and Tourism, Seamus Sika.
Tonga is a constitutional monarchy with a separation of powers between the executive, legislative and judicial branches.
Tuionoa was also to be appointed by the king.
The next Tongan parliamentary elections will be held in 2021.
Women's volleyball is expected to defend the World Cup ahead of schedule!
On the 27th, in a match against the Netherlands women's volleyball team, the Chinese team won two consecutive innings and was brought back to the city by their opponents, eventually winning 3-1 against the Netherlands.
As the World Cup draws to a close, the Chinese women's volleyball team must not be taken lightly in the face of Serbia, despite the prospect of defending the title.
In the first two innings of the match against the Netherlands, the Chinese women's volleyball team performed as strongly as ever, dropping two cities at 25: 19 and 25: 16, respectively, until a setback in the third inning.
The Dutch women's volleyball team strengthened its attacking serve after falling behind. The Chinese team was hit by a pass, and the girls' aggression began to increase.
In an interview after the game, Lang Ping also pointed out: "The third inning, because of errors we sent about eight points."
Of course, the strength of the Dutch women's volleyball team is not to be underestimated, and China's women's volleyball team has made difficult preparations for the tournament. Despite losing one inning, everything is still in Lang Ping's hands.
In the fourth inning, the players actively adjusted the state, Zhang Changning in the offensive end of the fire all open, a single inning scored 8 points, for the team to win a great achievement.
So far, with only two rounds left of the 11 matches, China's women's volleyball team has touched the championship trophy with one hand, but the match against the Netherlands was a wake-up call: The more critical the moment, the more energetic it will be.
In another match on the 27th, Russia and the U.S. women's volleyball team played five innings and the U.S. team failed to take all three points from their opponents, allowing the Chinese women's volleyball team to defend their title one round ahead of schedule by taking all three points against Serbia.
All kinds of situations are in favour of the Chinese women's volleyball team.
However, while Serbia's absence of all six major players does not mean they will give the three points easily to China.
In the current format of the standings, Serbia has largely lost medals, which means they can "lighten up" against China's women's volleyball team and put aside their burdens to hit their opponents with all their might, as China is under pressure to win the title.
Additionally, the substitute Serbian team was not a lamb to be slaughtered, as the team's thickness was demonstrated by the 5 innings in the previous match against the Netherlands, in which Serbia II eventually reversed the Dutch squad 3-2.
Before the start of the third leg, Lang Ping also said the Dutch and Serbian teams were not good at it: "Osaka is going to be a very difficult game and we have to prepare as we always do.
Now that the trumpet has been sounded, the game has really entered the "white heat stage."
On the strength of the lineup, China's women's volleyball team are above their opponents, only the last critical juncture, but also to see whether the women's volleyball girls can play their normal level, in the field to free themselves.
The University of Macao today (27) hosted the Second Macao Stem Cell Symposium, which attracted more than 100 experts and scholars from the United States, Singapore, the Mainland, Hong Kong and Macao to share and discuss the latest technology and development of stem cell research with students and faculty of Macao universities.
The Vice-Chancellor (Research) of the University of Macau (AU), Mr Stephen Godfrey, said that stem cell research was of medical value and one of the key research projects of the University, and that the seminar would help promote the development of stem cell research in Macau.
As a leading international comprehensive university on the west coast of Guangdong, Hong Kong, Macao and the Gulf of China, the University is committed to building a training base and science, technology and innovation centre for the development of innovation in the Gulf of China, Mr Ge said.
The seminar brought together experts in stem cell research from home and abroad to share the latest technology, which will help promote stem cell research and development in Macao.
Dean of the Faculty of Health Sciences, Dean Tang Chu-xia, said that in recent years, the University had stepped up its research innovation and transformation. The number and quality of papers had also improved significantly.
At the conference, a group of eminent scholars shared cutting-edge knowledge and cutting-edge technology in stem cell research.
Ji Weizhi, a member of the Chinese Academy of Sciences and Dean of the Faculty of Primate Transformation Medicine, Kunming University of Science and Technology, Yunnan Province, explained the in vitro processes and molecular mechanisms of monkeys and human embryos using 3D culture systems; Jing Nai-wo, a researcher at the Shanghai Institute of Biochemical Cells, Chinese Academy of Sciences, described the temporal and spatial changes in cell lineage determination and tissue in mice embryos after implantation from single cell and molecular levels; and Wang Yong, a professor at Pennsylvania State University, showed how to simulate stem cell micro-nests for survival and transportation using hydrogel.
Xu Renhe, Associate Dean (Research), School of Health Sciences, AUST; Chen Kwok-kai, Assistant Dean; and Wang Chun-ming, Associate Professor, Chinese Medicine Research Institute, AUST, also presented the important results of their latest publications.
The Second Macao Stem Cell Symposium was hosted by the Faculty of Health Sciences of the University of Macao, and co-organized by the Chinese Academy of Medicine of the University of Macao and the National Key Laboratory of Chinese Quality Research of the Macao University of Science and Technology.
The symposium consisted of 11 presentations on embryonic development and tissue formation, transformational medicine, mechanisms and applications of stem cells, and biological materials and applications.
The workshop was a lively one, with participants actively discussing and sharing the latest research and views on relevant technologies.
Mr Tsui said the symposium provided a platform for exchange and cooperation among stem cell experts from Tai Wan and other regions, as well as a valuable learning opportunity for students.
The awarding ceremony of the National Medal of the People's Republic of China and the title of National Honor will be held with great pomp and ceremony.
With the approval of the Central Committee of the Communist Party of China, the ceremony for the awarding of the National Medal and the National Medal of Honor of the People's Republic of China will be solemnly held on September 29 at 10 a.m. in the Great Hall of the People.
The General Secretary of the Central Committee of the Communist Party of China, the President of the People's Republic of China and the Chairman of the Central Military Commission of the People's Republic of China, Xi Jinping, will confer the Order of the Republic, the Order of Friendship and the Medal of the National Honor on the recipients of the State Medal and the State Medal of the National Honor respectively and will deliver important speeches.
With the approval of the Central Committee of the Communist Party of China, the ceremony for the award of the National Medal and the National Medal of Honor of the People's Republic of China will be solemnly held on September 29 at 10 a.m. in the Great Hall of the People in Beijing.
This is the Order of the Republic.
The "Order of the Republic" uses red and gold as the main colours, the body of the medal uses elements such as the national emblem, the five-pointed star, the Yellow River, the Yangtze River, mountains, peonies, etc., the chain uses elements such as Chinese knot, orchids, etc., the overall use of cold-pressure molding, silk mosaics, enamel and other crafts, symbolizing the great contributions made by the recipients of the medal to the construction and development of the Republic, salutes the highest national honours, wishes the motherland prosperity, and embodies the Chinese dream of the people of all ethnic groups united in building the great rejuvenation of the Chinese nation.
This is the Order of Friendship.
The Order of Friendship uses gold and blue as its main colours, with elements such as doves of peace, earth, handshakes and lotus flowers in its body, Chinese knot, evergreen, peony, jade, orchid and other elements in its chains, as well as traditional crafts such as silk mosaic and silk enamel in its entirety.
This is the National Medal of Honor.
The National Medal of Honour is based on red and gold tones, with elements such as five stars, Tian'anmen Square, peony, flag and light in the body, and Chinese knot, flowers and other elements in the necklace. The medal is made entirely of cold-pressure molding, filament inlaying and enamel. It symbolizes the great contributions made by the National Medal of Honour recipients in various fields and industries, demonstrates their exemplary leadership role, and inspires the people of all ethnic groups to keep in mind their original intentions and missions, and make unremitting efforts to realize the Chinese dream of great rejuvenation of the Chinese nation.
The ceremony will be broadcast live by the Central Radio and Television Station and Xinhua News Agency, and simultaneously by key news websites of the Central Government, such as the People's Republic of China, CCTV and China Net, and new media platforms, such as the client of the People's Daily, Xinhua News Agency and CCTV News Agency.
"For 70 years, NATO's containment and defence measures have been based on maintaining technological superiority," he said in a speech at West Point.
But times are changing, he said.
"The competition is getting more and more fierce," he said.
We should therefore now redouble our efforts to be sure that no one will overtake us.
"Some of the new technologies are not developed by NATO members, but in dictatorships," he said.
Chinese companies are studying 5G networks.
Russia is developing an independent Internet and investing heavily in the next generation of weapons, such as supersonic missiles.
Sternberg said NATO's future security "depends on its ability to understand, accept and apply state-of-the-art technology."
On 24 September, the "A ticket to take me to see" charitable activities for the disabled were held in Orange Island, Changsha. More than 100 disabled people from Changsha were invited to board the Orange Island Star Cruise to enjoy the magnificent scenery of the Xiangjiang River and celebrate the 70th anniversary of the founding of New China.
Most of the more than 100 persons with disabilities who participated in the event were on board the cruise for the first time.
Zhao Zhengang, 56, is a crippled man who seldom goes out because of his inability to move his feet.
He said: "Today for the first time on a cruise ship, close to enjoy the vastness of the Xiangjiang River, feel the pulse of development in Changsha, very excited, unforgettable."
Volunteers from the Fukang Social Work Service Centre and the Blue Sky Rescue Team of Changsha City provided meticulous services to the disabled.
Especially for those with severe physical disabilities, volunteers carry them up and down the cruise.
The relevant officials of the Fukang Social Workers Service Center said that over the past 70 years, with the support of the Party and the Government, the cause of persons with disabilities in Changsha has been developing steadily, and more and more persons with disabilities have truly become participants, contributors and beneficiaries of social and economic development.
The Republic is celebrating its seventieth anniversary, and the spotlights on all media outlets are bursting with images that we don't normally remember -- people who bring heat and light to our shining days.
However, if the hero walks around, also seems ordinary as you as I.
Yuan Longping, devoted to rice research, bred good seeds to cultivate all over the world, so that more than a billion people no longer have the risk of starvation, and made great contributions, this man is usually like an old farmer who likes to stroll in the fields; Nan Rendong, the chief scientist who worked so hard to make China's "eyes of heaven" angry, a person, a lifetime, a pot, a lifetime only to do one thing, gnawing cold steamed buns in the mountains of Guizhou, and the old man in the stockade are no different; Zhou Ruchang, a crimsonist, a late-in-coming village boy, still like Chizi in his old age, learning all the way from the west to the centre, with a head of unkempt white hair, talking about learning to the heart, likes to make
They, benevolent and benevolent, live simple, simple and persistent, and as long as they immerse themselves in a foreigner's incomprehensible and their own cherished business, it is easy to be happy, regardless of the reins of fame, wealth and glory.
Like Jin Yong's novels, Shaolin Temple Tibetan Buddhist temple that sweeps the land monk, although shocking martial arts, not show off, no sadness.
Every "sweeper monk," every pair of abdomen, behind the back of his or her who has a homeland to bear.
Homeland shoulders, not only in the shoulders of heroes, but also in the palms of billions of people.
Once, a girl high school students words, by the netizen crazy turn, "when the hero passes, there will always be someone sitting on the roadside to applaud... I do not want to be a hero, I want to be a person sitting on the roadside to applaud."
In fact, when the hero and applause to the hero, not contradictory.
He who clapped by the side of the road was also transmitting heat and light, and he himself was a luminous being.
Ordinary as you are like me, life always has some chance, some moments, there is a cumulative accumulation of heroic appearance.
Shanghai excellent judge Zou Bihua, shouldered the judicial reform, but at the annual conference let the old master of the transmission room on stage to tell his story, a year of receiving and sending innumerable newspaper letters, never mistaken, "the simple things do, is not simple," Zou Bihua led the judges to the "sweeping monk" -style old receivers and senders applause.
It's between heroes. A hero applauds another hero.
Sweeping Buddhist monks have the Shaolin Temple Tibetan Scripture Pavilion, Yuan Longping has a vast rice experiment field, Nanrendong has the "eye of heaven," Qin Yi has a stage, Zhou Ruchang has a pulpit...
For example, "China's Sky-Eye," now seems to be a myth.
In the 1990s, China's scientific and technological community was still struggling, and the novelist Liu Tsi-hsin had not yet begun to write "Three Bodies."
At that time, the bull's "eye" was the Arecibo, a single-sided-caliber radio telescope in the valley of the United States island of Puerto Rico, 350 metres in diameter, considered the "insurmountable" largest in the world.
At that time, the diameter of the Chinese radio telescope was less than one tenth that of others.
But Nan Indong, who enjoys world-class scientific conditions and salaries in Japan, insists on returning home with a near-mad idea: To build a new generation of radio "big telescopes" in China to receive more information from outer space.
China a hundred waste to be revitalized ah, invest huge sums of money to play stars?
The motherland trusts Nanrendong, the "Sky-Eye" project sweeping commencement.
It took 12 years for the site to be chosen and another 9 years for the project to be completed.
With the opening of its 500-metre-diameter "eye of heaven," China has achieved a "world-unparalleled scientific project" without precedent.
So, the "eye of heaven" is great, Nanrendong people are great, there is a big, standing tall and far-reaching republic is great.
With the trust of the country and the goodwill of the people, Nanrendong people have the opportunity to become the soul of the country and the heart of the people.
There are young talents, white-haired heroes walked affably, there are people in the roadside gently applauded, such a country, very beautiful and harmonious.
Jilin kindergarten's concept of environmental protection starts from the doll
A kindergarten in Jilin, Jilin province, began classifying garbage to teach children to distinguish between recyclable and other types of garbage.
It is reported that this is the first time garbage classification into the local early childhood education classroom.
A few days ago, nine departments of Jilin Province jointly issued the "Promotion of Jilin Province's Urban Domestic Waste Classification and Treatment Work Programme."
In 2019, on the basis of a pilot compulsory classification of domestic waste in Changchun City, the province decided to carry out the classification of domestic waste in municipalities at the local level.
Jilin City is one of them.
We hope that through this activity, the realization of the early childhood-led family, kindergarten-led social effects, environmental protection concepts.
Held activities Hi Faner international kindergarten executive director Liu Lijuan said.
On the same day, the director of the garden read an environmental advocacy book, the hope that garbage classification from children.
After performing the "low-carbon shellfish" dance, the children played garbage sorting games in groups.
Instructors also issued "recyclable" and "other trash" labels and advised children to glue labels to trash cans and record videos when they returned home.
Liu Lijuan introduced that the kindergarten has been advocating low-carbon, green environmental concepts, regular environmental lecture hall.
There is also a sortable garbage bin at the garbage disposal area of the park, which is marked with the type of garbage disposal.
The teacher taught the children what recyclable garbage was.
According to preliminary statistics, in 2018 Jilin Province produced about 54,652 million tons of domestic waste, all of which were disposed of in domestic waste treatment plants.
Of these, 32,929,000 tons were disposed of in sanitary landfills, 209,230,000 tons were incinerated and 801,000 tons were disposed of by integrated utilization processes.
After many years of efforts, the province's municipalities and counties have the capacity to treat domestic waste harmlessly.
In the Programme for Promoting the Separation and Treatment of Municipal Domestic Waste in Jilin Province, which has been issued, it is explicitly requested to carry out in-depth activities such as the introduction of waste separation into schools, teaching materials and classrooms, and to enhance interaction between students and parents by creating songs, ballads, cartoons and micro-videos on waste separation, with the effect of "educating a child, influencing a family, promoting a community and nurturing a new generation."
According to data released by Mazda on September 27, global sales in August were 11,715.
Sales in China fell 21% as a result of insufficient new cars and lower prices.
Domestic sales fell 6 per cent in Japan, with limited demand for last-minute shuttle buses ahead of the October tax hike.
In August, Mazda sold 1,7729 units in China.
In August 2018, sales were down 13% from the previous year.
Sales of China's flagship SUV, the CX-4, fell 14 per cent.
The "CX-4" was introduced in 2016 and it has been a long time since the introduction of the new car.
As a long-term perspective to improve the brand value of the strategy to reduce prices, it is also known to have a great impact on sales.
Mazda sales in the U.S. grew 7% year-on-year to 27,482 units, a 14-month increase.
Sales of SUVs, such as the CX-5, grew in August, with dealers opening one day more than a year earlier and "increased promotions such as Mazda."
Domestic sales in Japan dropped 6% to 14,422.
The company said the rush to buy before the tax hike was "not as big as it was last time (2014)."
Sales of smaller cars, such as the "Demio," declined.
Political legacy of Chirac's death endures
Former French President Jacques Chirac passed away on Sunday at the age of 86.
At a time when the world is in the midst of a century of unprecedented change, the French statesman's political legacy is worthy of praise.
Chirac served as President of France for 12 years in a very charismatic manner.
He not only inherited the independent diplomatic spirit of de Gaulleism, but also firmly supported European integration, and was the representative of pursuing the "European dream."
At the same time, he is a strong advocate of multipolarity and multilateralism in the world, a strategic visionary politician.
For this reason, the French media have described him as "an outstanding representative of France on the world stage."
One of Chirac's remarkable political decisions was to oppose the US-led war in Iraq.
Under his leadership, France, hand in hand with Germany, stood up to American pressure and was at the forefront of the anti-war effort.
A year after the war broke out, he predicted that the war in Iraq would lead to increased terrorism and make the world more dangerous.
Subsequent facts proved that Chirac's warning was correct.
At a time when European integration is faltering and U.S. unilateralism is increasingly prominent, Chirac's strategic thinking and choices on international politics and global affairs are undoubtedly instructive.
Chirac was also a French politician who was familiar and kind to the Chinese.
He was one of the initiators and creators of the "golden decade" of Sino-French relations and, after his first election to the presidency of France in 1995, promoted the rapid development of Sino-French relations with the strategic vision of a statesman.
In 2004, China and France established a comprehensive strategic partnership and entered into a new phase of bilateral exchanges.
During Chirac's reign, bilateral trade between China and France grew rapidly, and the two countries made breakthroughs in cooperation in aviation, nuclear energy and railway transportation.
The Sino-French Year of Culture, initiated by Jacques Chirac, created a new pattern of cultural exchange in the history of China and France.
Chirac's devotion to Chinese culture throughout his life was particularly impressive.
According to his Chinese diplomats, Chirac can recite some of Li Bai's and Du Fu's poems and even accurately judge the age of Chinese bronze.
"Do not see the pyramids do not really have to Egypt, do not see the terra-cotta Qin did not really have to China" - this golden sentence comes from Chirac.
"We have concerns about China's political and social development, the ecological problems arising from China's economic growth, and China's political status internationally," Chirac told Xinhua News Agency in an interview.
But I have full confidence in China myself.
I think China is a country with a long history of civilization, and its experience is sufficient to help it to establish the concepts and values of harmonious development and long-term responsibility on the world stage.
I also believe that the revival of China will bring new creative vitality to world culture and enrich it.
The Cypriots are gone, but the political legacy and revelation that Chirac left to the world will endure.
The 7th China Computer Society Big Data Academic Conference, which was held in Wuhan on the theme of "The Valley of Digital Agglomeration and Wisdom for the Future," brought together nearly 1,000 experts, academics and industry leaders in the field of big data to focus on big data hotspots and to interpret the technological progress of big data in the age of artificial intelligence.
Organized by the China Computer Society and co-sponsored by the CCF Big Data Experts Committee and Huazhong University of Science and Technology, the conference organized 5 special invited reports and 188 forum reports, and set up 33 thematic and industry sub-forums to exchange and discuss research results on fundamental theory of big data, big data education, big data visualization, big data finance and science and technology.
After seven sessions, CCF Big Data Academic Conference has developed into the most influential big data academic conference in China, focusing on the exchange of scientific research results and extending its contents to basic theories and technical applications.
Formed Members of the Legislative Council of the HKSAR Jointly oppose US-Hong Kong Bill
In a joint statement issued on the 27th, members of the Legislative Council of the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region expressed strong opposition to the passage of the 2019 Hong Kong Human Rights and Democracy Bill by the Foreign Affairs Committees of the United States Senate and the United States House of Representatives.
The statement, co-signed by 40 formed parliamentarians, said Hong Kong's current rights under the Basic Law of the HKSAR included maintaining its status as a free trade port and a separate customs territory, conducting business, cooperating and developing relations with various countries and regions of the world under the name of "Hong Kong, China," signing and implementing bilateral and multilateral agreements in various fields, including the economy, finance, shipping, trade, communications, tourism, culture and sports.
These rights are not granted by any foreign government or legislature.
Hong Kong has always adhered strictly to international agreements, rules, laws and business ethics, conducted business with various countries and regions, and participated in a wide range of related cooperation activities.
The statement said the move by the U.S. Senate and House of Representatives Foreign Relations Committees to pass the bill was unnecessary and was merely a response to calls by its harmful agents to intervene violently in Hong Kong's internal affairs as a means of gaining political leverage for their agents in Hong Kong.
Members of the House of Representatives expressed deep regret and strong opposition to the move.
The statement noted that Hong Kong is an important trading partner of the United States and the source of the largest trade surplus.
Hong Kong's excellent rule of law, fair and free business environment, and clean society make it a good place for American businessmen to do business.
If the U.S. passes this bill, it will not only hurt Hong Kong and the U.S. interests, but also make Sino-US relations worse.
The statement said that Hong Kong would unswervingly implement the principle of "one country, two systems" and continue to enjoy its rights under the Basic Law and fulfil its obligations effectively.
In the past, present and future, Hong Kong will continue to make its due contribution to the international community and international business.
France's two houses of parliament will discuss immigration policy reform next week, the European Times reported.
French President Emmanuel Macron recently claimed that France cannot "admit everyone," but at the same time is trying to "admit properly."
Reportedly, Macron is trying to find a compromise on immigration matters and mitigate the impact of the upcoming debate.
In a recent interview during the General Assembly's general debate in New York, Macron expressed the hope that there would be a genuine "two-pronged" approach to immigration policy, striking a balance between humanitarianism and efficiency.
"If France wants to accommodate properly, it cannot accommodate everyone," Macron said.
Macron outlined four priorities for immigration policy: Eligibility for asylum as soon as possible for refugees in need of protection; more efficient integration of immigrants; reception and protection of all immigrants entering French territory; and more efficient resettlement of those who entered France illegally and were unfit to stay.
Whether illegal immigrants should be protected by the "State medical aid" system has been the subject of much discussion.
Macron said he would like to be able to "assess" the system, but not to eliminate it, but to place some limits on it.
Following Macron's remarks, Le Pen, the leader of the far-right National League, tweeted that Macron's remarks were "empty talk."
Senate Speaker Richard LaSalle, a member of the right-wing Republican party, also said immigration policy should be discussed in a "moderate" but "realistic" manner, indirectly criticizing Macron.
Member of parliament for the left-wing Socialist Party Manuel Vallo believed that France should "take in more and better" on immigration, and criticized Macron for "mobbing" the issue.
The report noted that a year after its enactment, the new Asylum and Immigration Act had divided opinion within the ruling party, while failing to placate the right-wing opposition.
In the next 2022 election, when immigration policy will again be the focus of attack on the far right, Macron will need to do something about it, but at the risk of infuriating leftists within the ruling party.
It was reported that the lower house of the French National Assembly would debate immigration policy from 30 September and the Senate from 2 October.
There are signs that China's A-shares are experiencing a "buy-back rush," with many listed companies offering "real gold and silver" to buy back company shares.
According to Oriental Wealth, a financial data service provider, the total amount of A-share repurchases by listed companies in 2019 had exceeded 100 billion yuan (RMB), a record for the amount of A-share repurchase funds, far exceeding the figures for the same period in previous years.
In response, Xu Yang, chairman of Shanghai-based Makorong Information Consulting Co., Ltd., said the overall valuation of A-shares was low this year. Buying back shares at a relatively low price would help listed companies to use their funds more efficiently, reflecting their willingness to actively manage their market capitalization and their abundant cash flow, and would help boost investor confidence.
In addition, the continuous improvement of the share repurchase system, also promoted listed companies to actively carry out share repurchase.
Earlier this year, for example, the Shanghai and Shenzhen stock exchanges issued detailed rules for listed companies to buy back shares, providing detailed rules and guidelines for listed companies to do so.
Moreover, according to media statistics, since this year, listed companies that have implemented plans to increase their holdings have been concentrated in infrastructure, real estate, information technology and electronics manufacturing.
In addition, from the amount of repurchase payments, this year six listed companies repurchase more than 1 billion yuan.
Among them, the first is Erie shares, its repurchase of more than 5 billion yuan.
What will the repurchase of stocks by listed companies have on the market?
Zhao Xijun, vice-dean of the School of Finance and Finance at Renmin University of China, told China News Agency reporters that buybacks on the one hand show that the listed companies have stronger economic strength and better financial situation, the ability to maintain stock price stability and give investors confidence; on the other hand, they also show that the listed companies and their controlling shareholders are responsible to the company, to the market and to investors.
The former is based on the company's good performance, while the latter requires the listed company and its controlling shareholders to have higher quality.
For capital markets, these are the most core of the fundamentals.
Repurchase of stocks by listed companies is conducive to boosting investor confidence and supporting stock prices of listed companies.
According to the Oriental Securities Research Report, according to the total number of A-share listed companies since the beginning of this year's estimated stock repurchase, as well as the transaction average price of the repurchased shares, this year's repurchase of the A-share market is expected to bring additional funds of more than 150 billion yuan.
It took nearly two months for the restoration of the large-scale mural of Tianjin's Empress Dowager Temple, a key state cultural and cultural protection unit, to be reopened to the public on the 26th of this year's National Day.
The Holy Grail of the Queen of Heaven is a large traditional mural that reflects the life of Mazu in a comprehensive way.
Approved by the relevant state departments, it was painted by Cai Changkui, curator of Tianjin Folklore Museum (Tianhou Palace) from 1991 to 1994.
It is understood that the mural was painted on the southern and northern walls of the main hall of the Empress Dowager, which is 32 meters long and 2.6 meters high.
In recent years, Tianjin has had rainy summers and dry winters, which caused the murals to crack, accounting for 60 per cent of the area, Cai said.
In order to protect and rescue the murals of Ma Zu's deeds, the Ancient Culture Street Management Committee of Nankai District of Tianjin City and the Tianhou Palace initiated the restoration of the Tianhou Palace and the murals inside the palace.
The restoration project was led by Cai Changkui, who invited four famous Chinese painters to participate.
The restoration work is based on the principle of "old as usual," but also the original murals have made some adjustments to the contents of the original murals to complement the original imperfect repair.
In the restoration, we also in color, materials, ink and other innovations and experiments.
After the restoration, the original frescoes were preserved in their style, spirit, spirit and art.
Built in 1326, Tianfu Palace, formerly known as Tianfei Palace, is the oldest building complex in Tianjin, and one of the earliest extant Mazu Temples in China.
September 25, Beijing Daxing International Airport launch ceremony held.
The shape of Beijing Daxing International Airport terminal symbolizes "Phoenix Spreading Wings," and has been hailed as the first of the "seven wonders of the new world."
Beijing Capital International Airport is now overloaded, carrying more than 100 million passengers last year, making it the world's second airport to handle more than 100 million passengers a year, after Atlanta.
By 2022, Beijing Daxing International Airport is expected to handle 45 million passengers, or 20 per cent of international flights, and by 2025, 72 million passengers, or 30 per cent of international flights.
How cool is it as the "New Gate"?
Beijing Daxing International Airport is located between Daxing District of Beijing and Guangyang District of Langfang City, Hebei Province.
The steel roof of the station building has a projected surface area of 180,000 square metres and is the size of 25 standard football fields.
Beijing Daxing International Airport is the world's first terminal with two arrival and two departure levels - F1-F4 for international arrivals, domestic arrivals, domestic departures and international departures.
The two-storey bridge connecting the airport with the high-speed railway outside the terminal corresponds to the F3 and F4 international departures, respectively.
Beijing Daxing International Airport's first flight opened the era of Beijing's "Two Airports."
To date, 66 airlines have expressed interest in joining Daxing International Airport, including 20 domestic airlines, 46 Hong Kong, Macao and Taiwan airlines and foreign airlines.
In the 2019 winter and spring season, Beijing Daxing International Airport is expected to open 116 flights, 101 domestic and 15 international, covering 112 destinations worldwide, including 97 domestic and 15 international.
This forms a "double hub" airport with coordinated development, moderate competition and first-class international competitiveness with Beijing Capital International Airport, which can not only alleviate the running pressure of the capacity saturation of the capital airport, but also better meet the urgent need of the rapid growth of air transportation in Beijing and surrounding areas, and effectively enhance the international competitiveness of China's civil aviation industry.
In order to ensure efficiency and quality, Beijing Daxing International Airport takes full account of its geographical location, its relationship with the surrounding airspace and operating environment. For the first time in China, the airport's runway has adopted a "one-way" layout, the world's largest automated air traffic control system has been adopted and China's largest terminal control area has been established, which will maximize the efficiency of aviation operations.
For the first time, domestic airports of this size have adopted a domestic baggage automation and information management system, adopted an innovative baggage transfer mode, and improved the efficiency of baggage handling system.
Beijing Daxing International Airport, the first flight, foreshadowed the Phoenix display wings dazzling cool takeoff.
The new airport, which has created more than 40 international and domestic airports, and has achieved a nationalization rate of more than 98 per cent, will surely have direct and indirect economic impact on the industries in the surrounding areas and inject vitality into Beijing's economic development.
The MCA is tentatively scheduled to convene a general meeting in November to lower the party's membership age to 16
The MCA is tentatively scheduled to convene a central congress in early November to amend the party's constitution to lower the party's age to 16.
With Congress passing a reduction in the voting age for general elections, the MCA announced that the 66th Central Congress, to be held this year, would propose amendments to the party's constitution, including a reduction in the party's age of admission from 18 to 16.
MCA President Dato 'Seri Wei Jiaxiang said the Central Committee of the Central Committee of the MCA was scheduled to convene on November 2 and 3 this year, but due to the by-election for the seat in Thandubyai, the date could change.
He said that since the Election Committee would not meet until 1 October to finalize the date of nomination and polling for the by-election for the seat of Thandubyai, they would meet the following day, 2 October, to discuss whether to change the date of this year's Central Congress.
He also explained that the purpose of yesterday's meeting of the Central Committee was to finalize the date of the congress and amend the party's constitution, but that it had happened to coincide with the unfortunate death of the indigenous Unity Party member of Parliament, Dato 'Mohammad Ali, who had joined the agenda for the by-election.
Wang Boxiang, secretary of Shandong original Shouguang county committee - Qiang County Fumin Chizixin - Xinhua.com
Wang Boxiang, a Shandong Shouguang native, was born in February 1943 and joined the work force in 1967.
In 1986, Wang Boxiang was appointed secretary of Shouguang county committee in Shandong Province, which was then the poor county of Weifang.
During his five-year tenure, Wang Boxiang concentrated his efforts on three things: Promoting the industrialization of vegetables; developing Shoubei Salt-Alkali Beach; and laying the foundation for industrial rejuvenation.
Shouguang farmers have a tradition of growing vegetables and have learned the lessons of growing vegetables.
In the early 1980s, Shouguang farmers had a good harvest of vegetables but could not sell them, leaving them rotting on the ground.
Wang Boxiang found that the key to grasping vegetables is to make good circulation.
Shouguang pioneered the establishment of vegetable wholesale market, opened the development of the market economy prelude.
Party cadres should take the lead, screwed up, all losses in the county burden.
In 1989, with the support of Wang Boxiang, 17 Party members, including Wang Leyi of Sanyuan Zhucun, set up 17 winter-warm vegetable sheds.
Subsequently, the county set up a promotional team, under the mobilization of Wang Boxiang, Wang Leyi in various towns and villages tour guide; the first year to promote more than 5,000 vegetable sheds, after the vegetable sheds such as the momentum of the county and the whole country.
For thousands of years, Shoubei 1.6 million acres of land in addition to salt and alkaline beaches, is a shallow beach.
The local people live in great hardship.
Shou Nan has vegetable shed, Shou Bei how to do?
Wang Boxiang organized hundreds of thousands of people to fight a general assembly, camped on the desolate alkaline beach, a dry forty or fifty days.
Wang Boxiang and the leading cadres in the county ate and slept on the site, pushing carts and carrying loads like the migrant workers, eating and sleeping outdoors, and the people saw them thumbs up and admired them in their hearts...
In July 1986, Wang participated in the Weifang Industrial Conference for the first time as secretary of the county committee.
During the meeting, a "Comparison table of industrial economic figures in twelve counties of Weifang City" was distributed. At first glance, the total industrial output value of Shouguang was not bad, ranking fourth.
But if the original salt is taken away, Shouguang's net industrial output value is only 119 million yuan, the third lowest.
Wang Boxiang with more than 70 people's Bible reading group, to the field "for a change of mind."
Within a year, the county invested 150 million yuan in 77 projects.
Every year thereafter, "conversation groups" were organized to study in Shenzhen, Dongguan and Shanghai.
Shouguang is short of enterprises, and even short of entrepreneurs.
Wang Boxiang chaired a special meeting: In the county's open selection of factory director managers, 40 "business-minded talents" out, pushed into the industry.
In 1991, Shouguang entered the ranks of the country's top 100 counties, Wang Boxiang transferred to Weifang City Deputy Mayor.
He left behind more than 200,000 vegetable tents, 1.2 million mu of cotton fields, salt fields and shrimp ponds, 4,854 enterprises, more than 100,000 "ten thousand yuan households" and a cadre corps recognized by the people.
On September 26, Chinese State Councilor and Foreign Minister Wang Yi presided over a meeting of the Foreign Ministers of China and African members of the Security Council at United Nations Headquarters in New York.
The meeting was attended by the Foreign Ministers of CÃ´te d'Ivoire, Equatorial Guinea, Equatorial Guinea and South Africa, as well as by the incoming Foreign Ministers of the Niger and Tunisia.
Wang Yi made four suggestions on strengthening cooperation between China and Africa in the Security Council.
First, we must unite our strength.
The greatest challenge in the current international situation is unilateralism. As a direct consequence, the basic norms of international relations are being challenged and the role of the United Nations is being undermined to the detriment of the interests of developing countries and small and medium-sized countries, including African countries.
To meet this challenge, Central Africa needs to work hand in hand, shoulder in shoulder, for unity to be strengthened.
In the Council, the three African countries speak with one voice, focusing not just on three votes, but on the continent as a whole.
China and Africa stand side by side, not just with four votes, but with other countries following, influencing and shaping the Council's agenda.
Since 2018, China has established the "3 + 1" coordination mechanism with African members of the Security Council.
Second, settle disputes by negotiation.
China has always advocated political settlement of hotspot issues.Africa has a good tradition of consultation and has also had the experience of successful mediation by African regional and subregional organizations.
Many of the complex problems on the Council's agenda, particularly the hotspots in Africa, are mostly rooted in the scourge of colonialism or are directly related to external factors.
Together, we should make good use of Chapter VI of the Charter of the United Nations and play the role of the United Nations in good offices and mediation.
Third, self - reliance for self - strengthening.
African countries and peoples know Africa's problems best, and Africa has the capacity and wisdom to solve its own problems.
In addressing hotspot issues in Africa, the Council should focus on listening to and respecting the will of Africa, should play the role of regional and subregional organizations and should encourage and support endogenous solutions from Africa.
China is ready to strengthen coordination with Africa and resolutely promote capacity-building for African-owned peace operations.
Fourth, development is fundamental.
Both China and the vast majority of African countries are developing countries.We must put economic and social development first and mutually support each other in their chosen development paths.
China is ready to closely link the "one belt, one road" initiative with the African Union's Agenda 2063, the United Nations Sustainable Development Agenda 2030 and the development strategies of African countries, so as to help African countries enhance their development capacity and eliminate the root causes of conflicts.
Together, we will push the United Nations to increase its investment in Africa's development.
In the wake of the outbreak of Ebola in the Democratic Republic of the Congo, China has provided and will continue to provide full assistance, human and material resources to the best of its ability, and is ready to coordinate its efforts with African countries to mobilize the United Nations, WHO and other organizations to step up their assistance and give full play to the role of the United Nations Stabilization Mission in the Democratic Republic of the Congo.
Neonatal and other relays have saved small lives.
Surprising!
A 32-week-old premature baby could not wait to be born in his father's car as he rushed to the hospital.
Fortunately, obstetricians and neonatal doctors handled it in a timely manner, and the relay saved the baby's life.
Coincidentally, on 19, 20 and 21 July, the obstetrics and neonatal departments of the Hubei Maternal and Child Health Care Institute received three cases of premature babies born on the road for three consecutive days. The other two babies were born in 120 ambulances and were 29 weeks old.
At 7 a.m. on September 19, Ms. Cheng, a second-child pregnant mother, felt a bit ache in her stomach, thinking that she was 32 weeks pregnant and that her first child had been born prematurely.
At 9: 30 a.m., Ms. Cheng arranged for her husband to drive from Xu Dong's home to the hospital.
Unexpectedly the car just drove out of the home soon, the baby was eager to be born in the father's car on the second driver.
Twenty minutes later, Ms. Cheng and the baby finally arrived at the maternity building of Hubei Maternal and Child Health Center.
Hospital security saw the confused couple and the baby, immediately notified the obstetrics and gynaecology ward, deputy director of the doctor Zhang Huan waited for four doctors and midwives Liu Yanyan with the birth bag and umbilical cord on the downstairs rushed.
"At the time, the woman was lying half in the car, with amniotic fluid and blood under her, and a baby boy next to her, with his umbilical cord."
Zhang Huan asked to know that the baby was a 32-week-old premature, parents did not have time to cover the child on the way, early autumn morning already cool, he was frozen pale, no crying, limbs crippled.
Liu Yanyan hurried to the deputy driver to deal with the baby's umbilical cord, Zhang Huan from the driving room drilled in, quickly opened the birth bag, with the inside of the treatment towel and the birth bag wrapped the baby several layers of warmth, and the newborn cleaned the respiratory tract (see photo), then hugged the baby up to the 12th floor neonatal section.
The neonatal nurse immediately rushed to the nurse's station to rescue the premature baby.
The baby was purple and suffocated. The doctor immediately put him in a tracheal intubation. Less than a minute later, he regained his heartbeat and his skin gradually regained its ruddy color.
After hospitalization, the 32 - week - old baby on a traumatic ventilator, sustained rescue, breathing smooth, the next day has been successfully evacuated.
After a week of treatment, the baby's vital signs are stable, breathing smoothly, and have started a small amount of breastfeeding.
Coincidentally, on 19, 20 and 21 July, the hospital's obstetrics and neonatal departments received three consecutive days of care for three premature babies born on the road. The other two babies were born in 120 ambulances, 29 weeks old, and are currently receiving intensive care in the neonatal departments.
In recent years, many babies born on the subway and in private cars have been attended to by provincial mothers and children, said Sun Guoqiang, director of obstetrics at the provincial maternal and child health-care center.
Dr. Sun reminded that pregnant mothers should come to the hospital as soon as they have abdominal pain, broken water, see red and other phenomena.
In the event of a puerpery occurring at home or on the road, the mother should lie flat as far as possible, put a blanket under her hips and so on to prevent the baby from hitting the ground.
Vietnam Airlines Technical Corporation officially opens
The establishment of VSTEA was one of the details of a memorandum of cooperation signed between VAECO and ST Engineering Aerospace in April 2018, marking the birth of Vietnam's first aircraft equipment maintenance and repair consortium.
Two leading aviation technology companies from Viet Nam and Singapore are cooperating to provide aircraft equipment maintenance and repair services to domestic and foreign airlines.
The company's joint venture partner, ST Engineering Aerospace, is the world's largest and most sophisticated aircraft maintenance group, said Yang Zhicheng, general manager of the airline.
Vietnam Airlines believes that this cooperation will bring benefits to both sides and is the beginning of a cooperative relationship with broad prospects for the future.
Lim Serh Ghee, President of ST Engineering Aerospace, stated that Viet Nam's extensive experience with ST Engineering would enable the consortium to provide international-level maintenance and repair services and contribute to the safety of airlines' flights.
The birth of VSTEA helped Vietnam Airlines to enter into a broader market for the maintenance and repair of aircraft equipment with enormous potential.
At the same time ushered in access to modern technology and training of senior aviation technicians great opportunities.
Thus better meet the sustainable development needs of the Vietnamese aviation industry.
Manufacturing industry has become the focus of global attention, research shows - Xinhua News Agency
Xinhua News Agency, Hefei, September 27, a day ago, the State Intellectual Property Operations Public Service Platform in Hefei, Anhui Province, released the Global Manufacturing Innovation Index White Paper.
The white paper shows that manufacturing has become the focus of attention in major countries around the world.
This is the reporter in Hefei organized "2019 World Manufacturing Congress Intellectual Property Rights Operation and Protection Forum" to understand the situation.
Focusing on intellectual property rights to help China's manufacturing upgrading, the Forum explored innovative measures for the operation and protection of intellectual property rights in the manufacturing sector from the macro-level of policy interpretation and the micro-level of enterprise practice.
The Forum invited scholars from the State Intellectual Property Office, the Chinese Academy of Sciences, relevant domestic and foreign industry organizations and specialists from professional research institutions to share their experiences and make suggestions on how to strengthen the protection of intellectual property rights and promote their application.
At the forum, the Anhui Provincial Bureau of Market Supervision and Administration released the "Analysis and Evaluation of the Quality of Innovation Development in Patent Navigation in Anhui Province," according to the results of the measurement of the index of the development of the high-quality innovation in patent navigation regions, Anhui Province ranked eighth in the index of the development of the high-quality innovation in patent navigation regions in 2018, and fourth in the index of the convergence of innovation factors.
The forum was hosted by the Anhui Provincial People's Government and co-sponsored by the Anhui Provincial Bureau of Market Supervision and Administration, the National Intellectual Property Operational Public Service Platform and the China Intellectual Property Development Alliance.
Many Olympic champions attend opening ceremony of 2019 Chinese Open
A number of Olympic champions attending the opening ceremony will join the choir in singing "I and My Motherland"
The official opening ceremony of the 2019 Chinese Open will be held today at the National Tennis Center. Before the evening opening match, the organizing committee will hold a brief and grand opening ceremony. A number of Olympic champions and sports personalities will gather at the Diamond Court.
In the next nine days, including the 11th Golden Week, Beijing will once again see a tennis boom and the National Tennis Center will be a popular holiday spot for fans.
The Chinese Open has been held for the 16th time in 15 years since its inception in 2004.
The total prize money for this year's tennis tournament is also a record high, reaching 11.16 million dollars.
The total prize money for the women's tournament was $7.64 million, compared to 96 for the Indianapolis and Miami women's singles tournaments and 60 for the China Nets, making the tournament more cost-effective for players.
The total prize money for the men's ATP 500 was a record high, rising to $3.52 million from $3.4 million last year, and the number of prizes continued to lead the ATP 500, compared with about $2 million at the Tokyo ATP 500 that week.
There will be a short and grand opening before the first match scheduled for tonight at the Central Stadium.
Tonight's opening ceremony will be attended by leaders and some players, as well as ten top athletes from all walks of life in China, including Olympic and world champions.
The opening ceremony was preceded by a first round match between Chinese Taipei Jinhua Pengshuai and Russian Kazakina, followed by a second match between US rookie Sophia Kenning and 2015 Chinese Open women's singles champion Muguraza, which opened the 2019 tournament.
"The most beautiful unmarried princess in the world" is engaged!
British princess Beatrice and Mozi are engaged, Buckingham Palace announced on Tuesday, according to The Metro.
Motzi is a 34-year-old Italian billionaire working mainly in real estate development.
Beatrice will marry the real estate tycoon next year.
Princess Beatrice is the granddaughter of Queen Elizabeth II, the eldest daughter of Prince Andrew and former wife Sarah Ferguson, Duchess of York.
"We are very pleased to announce that Princess Beatrice is engaged to Mr. Mozi," the Duchess of York said on her social networking site.
Britain said the two were engaged in Italy earlier this month.
The engagement photo was taken by Beatrice's sister Eugenie.
'we are very pleased to share the news of our engagement, 'the couple said in a statement.
We are excited to be able to join hands on the journey of life, we can't wait to want to marry.
We share many similar interests and ideas that will make us more stable, loving and happy in the years to come.
A maximum of three points for a free throw?
The NBA Development League (NBAD) announced a new rule for free throws on a trial basis, whereby the penalty is awarded only once and the score is determined by the foul.
O'Neill has a low free throw percentage among NBA stars.
The new rules allow two points for a two-point shot, three points for a three-point shot, and one point for a foul plus.
The last two minutes of regular time and extra time will follow the previous penalty kick rules.
Although the rule was only introduced on a trial basis in the NBA Development League, fans were more concerned about the impact it would have on current players if it were to be introduced in the NBA.
For now, many believe the new rules could be good for "bearded" Harden, while James, whose free throw was less impressive, would suffer.
Wuhan Promotes Intellectualization and Transformation of Industrial Enterprises to Grant Up to 20 Million Yuan Subsidy
Wuhan has accelerated its industrial intelligent transformation and implemented transformation subsidy measures of up to 20 million yuan since this year, reporters said at a series of conferences held by the Wuhan Municipal Government Information Office.
To date, has collected more than 800 scale industrial enterprises intelligent transformation needs information.
Zhang Hong, deputy director of Wuhan's Bureau of Economics and Informatization, said that this year, Wuhan launched an action plan for industrial enterprise intellectualization restructuring to provide free consulting and diagnosis services to industrial enterprises above the required scale and propose solutions to push forward a new round of technological restructuring of high-level enterprises.
According to the plan, each year Wuhan openly selects a group of specialized diagnostic service institutions to conduct a census of the intellectualized transformation needs of all industrial enterprises above the city's size by opening columns, conducting questionnaires and filling in reports at home.
To date, more than 800 industrial enterprises have been collected, accounting for nearly one-third of the city's industrial enterprises.
Five municipal diagnostic platforms have organized teams to be installed in enterprises in batches to conduct "one-on-one" on-site assessments and programme demonstrations.
Zhang Hong introduced that the city is currently organizing and implementing 373 intelligent transformation projects with a total planned investment of 29.76 billion yuan, including the first 5G intelligent production line in China, Motorola's leading intelligent mobile phone production line, Wuhan Siemens transformer digital unmanned factory, the first wholesale satellite production line in China, Huisheng Biology World's leading new veterinary medicine intelligent production line, and Europe's smart home Internet of Things intelligent production line.
In addition, Wuhan has also increased financial support for intellectualized transformation projects.
Among them, industrial enterprises undergoing intellectualized transformation will receive investments commensurate with their actual completion; investments in equipment and hardware, as well as soft investments in research and development, will receive transformation subsidies of 8 per cent and up to 20 million yuan.
At the same time, financial institutions such as China National Exchange and Zhejiang Commercial Bank Wuhan Branch have been actively united to provide personalized financial services specifically aimed at the intellectualization of industrial enterprises, thus greatly easing the pressure on enterprises to finance.
Trudeau collapsed. Can he be re-elected
This time, Trudeau tripped out of the "Great Pit", it was Trudeau himself dug a little bit.
Recently, the Canadian media has been repeatedly exposed in the incumbent Prime Minister Trudeau, the photos of Trudeau disguised as a black image.
This was regarded as a clear act of racial discrimination and prompted an uproar in Canada.
After the incident, Trudeau repeatedly apologized to the public.
Canadians, however, do not buy much.
Trudeau lifted the stone and threw it on his feet.
As political commentators such as Riley have pointed out, since the rise of the "anti-black face movement" in the United States, Trudeau and the Federal Liberal Party have been high-profile critics of the opposition or dissidents within their own party for their "disgraceful conduct" in this regard, and have repeatedly threatened that "whoever commits such a mistake should be summarily dismissed."
In a nutshell, it was Trudeau himself who dug the "big hole" that tripled him up this time.
Trudeau, the son of former Canadian Prime Minister Pierre Trudeau, was a young and handsome man who had a whirlwind of "political icons" in his early career.
Originally a "politician," he took over as leader of the FLP and fought an unexpectedly good fight in the 2015 federal legislative elections in which the FLP won a majority of seats in the House of Commons and gained valuable powers to form a separate government.
At the time, Trudeau proposed many deafening platforms and ideas, such as "ethnic and gender equality," "ecological protection," "economic revitalization," and emphasized the elimination of corruption and "corruption."
For five years, however, he has been "walking high and low" on almost all of these fronts.
In the case of "ethnic and gender equality," let alone the "black face," he had been "cheating" on a range of Aboriginal issues, leading Aboriginal groups and leaders to move protest tents to the Capitol Hill gates on the 150th anniversary of Canada's founding.
In the fight against corruption, Trudeau was embroiled in the roaring Lan Wan Ling affair late last year and early this year.
He was exposed, his hometown construction and engineering company "Lan Wanling" major irregularities and favouritism cases, to investigate and punish departments and officials to pressure the latter "high-handed."
Moreover, Trudeau became angry with the disclosure officer - Chaudi Wang, who was the first Canadian Attorney General to disclose a fraudulent case.
Although the case itself is still suspicious, its suspicions are difficult to wash away.
Many observers have pointed out that the collapse of Trudeau's five-year rule was largely the result of his own "digging holes," the largest of which were "tiger-headed, serpent-tailed," "self-eating," and "broader than the law, stricter than the law."
According to Canada's most authoritative Angus-Reid poll, respondents to Trudeau's party have slipped from more than 60% to more than 30% since 2015, while opponents have soared from less than 30% to more than 60%.
Despite similarly poor performances by the other opposition parties and their leader, even a significant proportion of those still voting for the Federal Liberal Party are now dismissive of the Federal Chancellor, the leader of the ruling party.
On October 21, as Canada's new federal legislative elections begin, will Trudeau be able to repeat the dramatic triumphs of five years ago?
The answer may be one word: Difficult.
Whether from the level of enterprise competition, consumer experience, regional aviation integration, Beijing-Tianjin-Hebei development integration, have far-reaching impact and positive significance.
On September 25, Beijing Daxing International Airport was officially opened.
Beijing's National Development and Reform Commission (NDRC) has been informed that the capital airport has been in an oversaturated operational state, the opening of Daxing International Airport will enhance the capacity of the capital aviation services.
Following Shanghai, Beijing became the second city in China to have two airports in the same city, similar to Shanghai Hongqiao International Airport, which mainly serves domestic aviation services, and Pudong Airport, which mainly serves international airlines.
Daxing Airport traffic, from the point of view of business development, for the capital airport is more positive impact.
In 2018, the airport's passenger throughput exceeded 100 million passengers, making it the largest in the country, but there is still a significant shortfall in capacity compared to the fast-growing demand, especially for international flights.
In order to better serve the needs of domestic and foreign passengers for tourism, business trips and other purposes, and in line with Beijing's increasingly open and internationally connected urban development, Daxing International Airport is positioned as a major international hub, with a planned annual passenger throughput of 100 million and freight and mail throughput of 4 million tons.
Therefore, the two airports do not overlap positioning, respectively for different customer groups, also have sufficient market space.
From an economic point of view, the opening of Daxing International Airport will obviously have a win-win effect, easing Beijing's air capacity constraints, speeding up the growth of passenger and cargo throughput, and creating an incremental cake of dual-core Beijing Airlines operations.
From the user's point of view, with the opening of Daxing International Airport, it is not necessary to concentrate on the capital airport in the future, but it can also reduce the number of problems caused by over-centralized routes, such as longer guaranteed stopover times, slower passenger boarding speeds, indirectly increasing aircraft and passenger stays at the airport, increasing the burden of airport operations, reducing the load through the capital airport, and in fact improving the travel experience of passengers.
According to media estimates of the time and cost of various transportation routes to major international airports, for example, from the southern fifth ring to the Beijing-Kai Expressway directly to Daxing Airport, which can be reached in 50 minutes by car, the fuel cost is around 40 yuan and the high-speed fare is 15 yuan; for the Daxing Airport Line of the rail transit subway, the distance is limited to 20 km and 30 km depending on the distance, and fares are divided into 10 yuan, 25 yuan and 35 yuan.
In general, the public to Daxing Airport has a variety of transportation options, the cost and time within a reasonable range.
From the point of view of trend development, Daxing Airport is located at the junction of Beijing, Tianjin and Hebei, so it is a bit far from Beijing, but it enhances the radiation to Hebei and Tianjin, facilitates more people to travel, and is of great significance to the economic development of Hebei and Tianjin.
In the future, passengers from Hebei and Tianjin can enjoy more international airline services provided by Daxing International Airport, as can be seen from the traffic planning of Daxing Airport.
In addition to the new airport line in Beijing, there are several highways connecting Daxing Airport with the surrounding area.
Just as passengers from Dongguan, Foshan, Qingyuan and other cities in Guangdong can travel to Guangzhou Baiyun Airport via the Guangzhou-Foshan and Guangzhou-Shenzhen highways, residents of Langfang and Xiong'an neighbourhoods around Beijing will also benefit from Daxing Airport for convenient and efficient air services.
From this, it can be seen that Daxing International Airport has not only increased the number of runways and aircraft, but has also had a profound impact and positive significance, not only in terms of competition among enterprises, consumer experience, but also in terms of regional aviation integration and the development of Beijing, Tianjin and Hebei, not only in terms of the long-term layout and development of Beijing's shipping industry, but also in terms of providing diversified choices for the travel of the vast majority of residents of Beijing and Tianjin and Hebei, promoting the further improvement of the quality of Beijing's shipping services, more conducive to promoting the process of integrated development of Beijing, Tianjin and Hebei and stimulating the economic and trade development of the area around Daxing Airport.
Therefore, for Daxing airport traffic, we not only need to calculate individual small accounts, but also the overall development of the big accounts.
Small and medium-sized index rose 1.46 per cent on the 27th.
Xinhua News Agency Shenzhen, Sept. 27, by wire (reporter Zhao Ruixi) 27 small and medium-sized board index high open high, the final closing of 6077.23 points, up 87.55 points on the previous trading day, or 1.46 per cent.
On the same day, the small and medium-sized plate transaction value of 1080 billion yuan, 31.9 billion yuan less than the previous trading day.
Among the small and medium-sized stocks traded on the day, 668 shares closed higher, 15 such as Hong Gao Creative; 222 shares closed lower, 4 such as Shun Wei shares closed flat; and 40 such as Wei Xing shares closed flat.
2019 Vietnam Economic and Social Forum in Thanh HÃ³a Province
Vietnam's economic and social development showed many new improvements at the beginning of this year and continued to grow, according to Deputy Chairman of the National Assembly's Economic Committee, Nguyen Tan Dung.
The Forum focused on the economic and social issues highlighted in the first months of 2019 and proposed measures for economic and social development towards the end of 2019 and 2020.
At the Forum, participants exchanged in-depth views and opinions on four topics, namely, economic development in 2019 and the impact of some FTAs, some salient issues in the economy of Viet Nam in 2019, salient issues in social and cultural aspects of Viet Nam in 2019, and forecasts and proposals for the economic and social development of Viet Nam in 2020.
There was general agreement that global economic growth had slowed and risks and challenges had increased in the first months of 2019.
Trade frictions among the major economies have further shrunk global trade and investment.
The International Monetary Fund (IMF) concluded that despite the uncertainty in the global economy, with 70 per cent of the world's economies experiencing stagnant growth, Viet Nam had achieved many encouraging results in terms of stable macroeconomic performance, effective control of inflation and an average consumer price index (CPI) growth of 2.64 per cent in the first half of 2019, the lowest in nearly three years.
GDP growth in the first half of 2019 was 6.76 per cent, down from 7.05 per cent a year earlier, but still relatively high compared to the same period in the 2011-2017 period.
Deng Deying, deputy director of the National Centre for Economic and Social Forecasting, said the Vietnamese economy would show high growth in 2019 against the backdrop of world economic turmoil.
It is expected that by 2020, Viet Nam's macroeconomic situation will remain basically stable, the implementation of the FTAs will contribute to trade development, economic restructuring and the improvement of the business environment will be further strengthened, and Viet Nam's external export activities will show a downward trend due to trade frictions.
Therefore, it is necessary to strengthen monitoring, forecasting and early warning mechanisms, proactively seek trade relief measures for Viet Nam's export commodities, seek opportunities to expand new export markets and facilitate the export of various commodities, such as agricultural and aquatic products.
At the same time, inflation should be kept at a reasonable level, thereby promoting the development of ancillary industries and supporting the development of high-tech, organic and ecological agriculture.
Liu Zhijie, Director of the Consular Office of the Chinese Embassy in Siem Reap, held a reception in Siem Reap to celebrate the 70th anniversary of the founding of New China.
Liu said that in the 70 years since the founding of New China, China has actively participated in international affairs, contributed more Chinese wisdom and Chinese programmes to improve global economic governance and promote common global development, made important contributions to world peace and development, and brought tangible benefits to Cambodia's economic development and people's well-being.
As the world's second-largest economy, China's contribution to world economic growth exceeded 30 per cent, especially the "one belt, one road" initiative, and cooperation between China's local provinces and cities and Siem Reap and territorial provinces was deepening, Liu said.
He said this year marks the beginning of 61 years of diplomatic relations between China and Cambodia.The two countries enjoy fraternal friendship and mutually beneficial cooperation will be the driving force for economic and social development in the region.
Siem Reap Governor Di Sakha highly praised the great achievements of New China over the past 70 years and congratulated the two countries on the achievements of their friendly cooperation.
His delegation hoped that the two sides would continue to work together to promote Sino-Cambodian friendship and cooperation, strengthen mutual trust and mutual benefit, and constantly improve the living standards of their people.
He said that Siem Reap province has made remarkable friendly contacts with all provinces and cities of China.So far, friendly city relations have been concluded with 28 provinces and cities of China, large-scale cultural and performing arts projects such as "Smile of Angkor" and "Angkor Dynasty" have been launched, the Siem Reap-Guangdong Agricultural Demonstration Park, the Siem Reap New International Airport project, special training courses for officials of the Siem Reap provincial government, scholarships for students from Siem Reap to study in China, rural clinics, urban road rehabilitation and the public welfare project "Bright Walk" have borne fruit and the people of Siem Reap have become direct beneficiaries of the friendly cooperation between Cambodia and China.
The reception was attended by the State Secretary of the Ministry of Defence of Cambodia, Ken Manson; the Chairman of the Siem Reap Provincial Council, Ong Heng; the Governors of the five provinces of the territory; the Siem Reap Chapter of the Cambodian-Chinese Council; volunteer teachers; the Siem Reap Chapter of the Cambodian-Chinese Chamber of Commerce; representatives of Chinese-owned enterprises; and representatives of foreign consular missions in Siem Reap.
Witness Digital China's Ten-Year Rise in Yunqi Town - Xinhua News Agency
Taking the 2009 Local Web Forum as the starting point, the 2019 Cloud Habitat Conference, held in Hangzhou from 25 to 27 September, has been going on for a decade.
From the concept of "in the cloud" to the practice of "in the cloud," big data and cloud computing have become one of the core technologies underpinning China's economic development, social management and public services over the past decade.
At Zhengtai New Energy Photovoltaic Plant in Haining, Zhejiang Province, inspectors were recently joined by new "collaborators" loaded with Ali Yun's artificial intelligence.
It operates 24 hours a day, recognizes more than twice as fast as manually, and has a stable quality control accuracy of more than 95%.
The camera-equipped "quality inspector" has studied more than 40,000 defective samples and, thanks to the computing power behind it, can quickly convert infrared images into binary language and classify defective batteries, according to the company's director.
The company is just a microcosm of today's cloud computing-enabled manufacturing transformation.
In 2018, the Ministry of Industry and Information Technology issued the "Guidelines for the Implementation of Cloud-enabled Enterprises (2018-2020)," which proposed that by 2020, efforts should be made to achieve a significant increase in enterprises' awareness and enthusiasm for cloud-enabled enterprises, as well as a significant increase in the proportion and depth of cloud-enabled applications.
Today, data-centric cloud computing has opened the way for a digital economy in which data is a key element, says Wang Jian, founder of Ali Cloud.
Meanwhile, the scale of cloud computing industry in China has been expanding in the past 10 years.
According to the White Paper on Cloud Computing Development 2019, released by the China Institute of Information and Communications Technology in July, the overall market size of cloud computing in China reached 96.28 billion yuan in 2018, an increase of 39.2% over 2017.
In addition to being the key technology underpinning industrial transformation and digital economic development, the invisible "cloud" has unwittingly transformed urban governance and social life.
At this year's conference, the "urban brain," which has been unveiled for three years in a row, still attracts attention.
At present, the urban brain has been transformed from a transportation governance tool into an urban management hub, and its cooperative applications have been extended to 23 cities around the world, Mr. Ali said.
Through camera perception, artificial intelligence algorithms, and the city brain's powerful computational capabilities, new urban management services such as "park first, pay later," "real-time perception of the number of visits," and "tour route design" are being implemented.
In the area of government services, cloud computing has facilitated the provision of government services at both ends of the spectrum by connecting "one thing" with "one cloud" to promote "hands-on" and "hands-on" cooperation.
At present, Zhejiang has constructed a unified public data platform through government administration.
As of September 11, the platform has covered more than 57 million inhabitants of the province and more than 15 million legal entities, collecting 190.8 billion data in 3066 categories.
With an average of 12 million monthly data calls and sharings between government departments in Zhejiang Province, each more data call flow on the cloud could mean fewer errands for the masses.
Be careful to use plastic tea bags to make tea!
A packet of plastic tea bags could release billions or even tens of billions of microscopic plastic particles, significantly higher than one person's estimated annual intake of microscopic plastics, a new Canadian study has found, but so far there is no evidence that the intake of microscopic plastic particles poses a threat to humans, China Central News reported.
Researchers at the University of Magill in Canada reportedly found that dipping plastic tea bags into a glass of almost boiling hot water (95 Â° C) released about 11.6 billion plastic particles and 3.1 billion smaller nanoparticles into the cup.
This amount is significantly higher than one person's estimated annual intake of microplastics.
According to a study published earlier in 2019, the average person eats at least 50,000 plastic particles a year and inhales the same amount of microplastics.
The study, published in the Journal of Environmental Science and Technology, found that the researchers tested four different types of plastic commercial tea bags in Montreal shops and cafes, opened them, washed them, immersed them in almost boiling water for five minutes and analyzed them with an electronic microscope and a spectrometer.
According to the study, they found that a single tea bag released more than 11.6 billion plastic particles, "several orders of magnitude higher than the previous plastic load on other foods."
Most bags are made of natural fiber, but many brands that make bags from natural fiber still use plastic to seal them, the report said.
Some brands have switched from paper-based bags to plastics, and these are the ones being tested.
Plastic particles are tiny pieces of plastic, defined by researchers as being between 100 nanometres and 5 millimetres in size, produced mainly by the breakdown of plastic waste.
Researchers have found traces of plastic particles in air, soil, rivers and the deepest ocean trenches around the world, as well as in tap water, bottled water, seafood and beer.
Plastic particles were first detected in human excreta samples from several countries in different regions of the world in October 2018.
To test the potential toxicity of tea bags releasing plastic particles, the Canadian team placed fleas in contaminated water and found that the microplastics affected the fleas' behavior and deformed them.
According to the World Health Organization, there is no evidence to date that ingestion of plastic particles poses a threat to humans.
However, the WHO notes that more research is needed to fully understand how these plastics spread to the environment and what impacts they have on humans.
The researchers speculate that the bags may have released large amounts of plastic particles when they came in contact with boiling water, and that even when "food grade" plastics were heated above 40 degrees Celsius, they could break down or seep toxic substances.
According to Guterres, climate emergencies are the greatest threat to the survival of small island States.
There, a natural disaster can erode the development gains of a generation.
This is illustrated by the hurricanes that have struck Papua, the Dominican Republic and the Bahamas this year.
Approximately one quarter of the population of small island developing States lives at an altitude of 5 metres or less.
Relocation can seriously affect their society and way of life and even raise issues of sovereignty and national identity.
At the Climate Action Summit on Monday, small island nations once again took the world in the right direction by committing to achieving a carbon-neutral and 100% renewable energy base by 2030.
"The climate crisis is piling new injustices on top of old ones," Guterres said.
Although small island developing States contributed little to global warming, they paid the highest price.
Because of their middle-income status, many countries are also caught in an accelerating and unsustainable cycle of disasters and debt.
The world must act, and the time has come to make major decisions and invest heavily in small island developing States. "
Today's high-level meeting adopted a political declaration calling for ways to seek assistance to small island developing States in managing disaster risks, investing in climate-resilient infrastructure and transitioning to renewable energy; and urging international institutions to help small island developing States, particularly heavily indebted middle-income countries, to access financing.
Small island developing States are at the forefront of protecting and conserving the Earth's lifeline, the oceans.
The latest special report issued this week by the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change confirms that the oceans and seas have already suffered the severe "engulfing" consequences of the climate crisis.
By mid-century, extreme sea-level rise, which would have occurred only once a century, is likely to occur every year in many regions.
The report warns that without significant investment in adaptation, some island countries are likely to become uninhabitable.
Pollution, overfishing and acidification have caused enormous losses.
Over the past 150 years, the world has lost half of all living corals, while plastic pollution has increased tenfold over the past 40 years.
The demands of industry, shipping, mining and tourism are leading to a reduction in resources, including the maintenance of fisheries in many island communities.
Small island States also face high costs of transport, energy and infrastructure.
They are heavily dependent on some external markets and are subject to price fluctuations.
Some States are also working to address the security implications of illicit trafficking in persons, arms and drugs.
"By tackling a problem in one of the most challenging environments, it can be solved anywhere," Guterres said.
The efforts of small island developing States to achieve the 2030 Agenda for Sustainable Development will provide us with tools, lessons learned and examples that the world can learn from. "
He emphasized that small island developing States were a special case for sustainable development.
They require the long-term attention and investment of the entire international community.
India's finance ministry says the financial system is fully liquid.
India's economy is expected to pick up in the second half of the fiscal year, driven by holiday consumption demand as the financial system remains liquid, Finance Minister Manmohan Sitaraman said on Tuesday.
Mr. Sitaraman's comments came after meetings with representatives of India's private banks, non-bank financial institutions and housing banks.
Mr. Sitaraman did not specify the purpose of the statements.
Some Indian and overseas media outlets had previously blamed liquidity constraints on non-bank financial institutions for India's ongoing economic slowdown.
Citing the decline in car sales as an example, Mr. Seetharaman dismissed liquidity constraints as the main cause of the decline.
The decline in auto sales is largely driven by cyclical factors, notes Mr. Sitaraman.
India's economy is likely to pick up in the second half of the fiscal year, driven by holiday spending, Mr.
India's annual shopping season begins in September and lasts until the end of the year.
The market expects that shopping consumption will contribute significantly to India's economic growth.
Jiangxi Education Department recently issued a notice banning all primary and secondary schools in the province during the National Day holiday irregular remedial classes, and will organize random inspection and secret visits.
In the Circular on the Strict Prohibition of Irregularities in Complementing Classes on National Day, the Jiangxi Provincial Department of Education emphasized that all primary and secondary schools in all regions should resolutely ensure that, during the National Day period, they do not organize students to take collective supplementary classes or new classes, do not organize courses in disciplines, specialty classes, Olympiad classes, interest classes, enhancement classes, etc., and do not rent their campuses or school buildings to other educational institutions for various types of training courses.
At the same time, it is strictly prohibited for serving primary and secondary school teachers to organize, recommend and induce students to attend irregular remedial classes inside or outside the school, for serving primary and secondary school teachers to attend irregular remedial classes in out-of-school training institutions or organized by other teachers, parents, parents' committees, etc., and for serving primary and secondary school teachers to introduce students and provide relevant information to out-of-school training institutions and others.
It is clear from the circular that, in the event of violations of the provision of remedial classes by primary and secondary schools, the education administration departments of the localities in which such violations are found to have occurred will increase the deduction of points in the assessment of the quality development of education by the county-level governments that year, and that teachers who participate in such violations will be dealt with seriously in accordance with the relevant provisions on teachers' ethics.
Enabling pig production to secure market supply
Sui's Loyalty Requires the Implementation of Measures in Six Aspects
A teleconference was held today to mobilize and redeploy the efforts of the central, provincial and provincial governments to implement policies and measures to support pig production and ensure market supply.
Sui loyalty demands, from six aspects to catch good pig production measures to implement.
To grasp the "basket of vegetables" mayors responsible for the implementation of this year's province-wide clear 45 million pigs column tasks have been broken down into municipalities and counties, into the accountability system.
We should grasp the implementation of all policies and measures and effectively solve the problem of the "last mile" of policy implementation.
We will improve the production of breeding mother pigs, conscientiously implement the policy of subsidizing the production of good breeding mother pigs, encourage pig breeding enterprises to expand the breeding scale of pigs, and select quality sows from the commercial pig population in a planned manner.
We should take the well-known domestic large-scale aquaculture enterprises that have not yet entered our province as the top priority in attracting investment.
Grasp the implementation of the market circulation system, accelerate the construction of cold-chain logistics facilities for pig production, and comprehensively promote the transition from "pork-mixing" to "pork-mixing."
The modern epidemic prevention system should be well implemented.All localities should have basic-level epidemic prevention and quarantine personnel commensurate with the scale of farming and the tasks to be performed, and the first line of epidemic prevention and control should be firmly established.
Sui loyalty demands, fully guarantees the meat market supply, ensures that there is no large-scale shortage, large-scale disruption of supply, ensures the major holiday pork market supply stability.
The meeting also deployed work on the prevention and control of African swine plague, the prohibition and withdrawal of catches in important waters of the Yangtze River Basin and the purchase of mid-late rice throughout the province.
Speaking of the feelings of the motherland, national soul White Rabbit and other representatives of the old Shanghai characters attended party classes for university students
"I and my motherland" campus punch points to let the university students "revel in Shu".
On the occasion of the 70th anniversary of the founding of the People's Republic of China, Shanghai Soap Making, Shao Wansheng, White Rabbit and the four rarely-known Shanghai Old Character Groups gathered at East China Polytechnic University on the 27th for the "Arts Party Class," where four representatives of Shanghai Old Character Groups, with an average history of more than 90 years, spoke to more than 200 young students about the motherland and the national soul of the brands.
The exhibition shows the products of the old brands on the spot.
Students were amazed by the loveliness of the lectures. Outside the classroom, there were elaborate displays of the products of the old brands, as well as "I and my motherland" campus cards to make students "happy."
White Rabbit lipstick, White Rabbit ice cream... As an old brand name, White Rabbit Dairy Sugar in recent years actively seeking change, initiative, innovation and cross-border.
The Great White Rabbit, born in 1959, is celebrating its 60th birthday this year.
Shao Wansheng will also look at the youth consumption group.
Wang Weijie, party secretary and deputy general manager of Shao Wansheng Food Co., Ltd. in Shanghai, referred to the scenes of "Spring abalone, summer scorching fish, autumn chills drunk shrimp, winter clouds drunk crabs," reflecting people's continuous innovation in "eating."
The company also from taste innovation, cartoon packaging design and other aspects to further explore brand culture to adapt to the younger generation of consumers inheritance.
The representative of the old name tells the way of innovation at the "Art Party Course."
Yu Jie, manager of Shanghai Freshly Delicate Bone Pie Catering Co., Ltd., agrees: "All innovations need a solid foundation, and every innovation is a thick and thin process.
Everybody's heart is hidden in the expectation of the old word.
The time has come for a product-centred, small and beautiful world.
As one of the first batch of "Old Chinese Characters," Shanghai Xiantai also quickly adapted to the market trend, VI visual upgrading of the brand, introduction of professional operation team, and achieved a substantial increase in turnover.
"Old brands are not only visible in traditional channels such as supermarkets, but are now actively involved in new retailing and activities.
All of our changes will ultimately be made so that consumers can see, hear and, ultimately, buy.
Shanghai Soap (Group) Co. Ltd. deputy general manager Ouyang Zhiling said.
In the future, Shanghai soap will also adhere to the high-end development, the system development prospects, user-satisfied energy-saving environmental protection products, adhere to high-tech content, high-economic benefits of the road.
Through this art party lesson, the students gained a lot.
I grew up with the old name, bearing the good memories and feelings of my childhood.
Song Jianyuan students sigh.
Shanghai Old Character representatives for more than 200 young students to tell the old brand of the feelings of the motherland, national soul.
Zhou Yiting said, how to dig up brand culture, so that high-quality traditional culture inheritance from generation to generation, immortality, we as design students, need to think and explore the problem.
Based on the "Shanghai Image" project of Dean Ding Wei of the Faculty of Arts of Eastern China Polytechnic University and Professor Ni Jun's "Shanghai Integrated Brand Innovation Studio," the course hopes to deeply explore the cultural potential and modern commercial value of the old Shanghai brands, make good use of the competitiveness and influence of the old Shanghai brands, enhance the convergence of the cultural radiation of the old Shanghai brands, realize the industrial effect of "1 + 1 > 2" in the form of "design + culture," and show Shanghai culture from a new perspective.
It is reported that the "Art Party Course" will also continue to invite the arts and history, painting masters, ceramics masters, non-extinct masters, architectural masters, landscape masters as lecturers, through them to tell the inheritance of Chinese culture innovation and persistence, highlight the characteristics of the times, further strengthen the ideals and beliefs of university students, enrich the patriotic feelings of university students, speak with works, let the works make a voice, innovative forms of Party courses, do the students' favorite themes of Party courses, enhance the ideological, theoretical and affinity of Party courses, targeted, enhance the infectious power of Party courses, and train new generations capable of assuming the role of national renaissance!
Shinzo Abe recorded a video celebrating the 70th anniversary of the founding of New China and said a Chinese sentence
Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe congratulated the People's Republic of China on the 70th anniversary of the founding of the People's Republic of China.
Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe: Good evening, everyone. I'm Shinzo Abe.
On behalf of the Government and people of Japan, I would like to extend warm congratulations on the occasion of the seventieth anniversary of the founding of the People's Republic of China.
At the G20 summit held in Osaka in June, Japan and China worked together to make the summit a success and adopted the Osaka Declaration of G20 Leaders, which proclaimed the firm will of the G20 to the world.
Moreover, at the pre-summit Japanese-Chinese summit and dinner, it was agreed that President Xi Jinping would pay a state visit to Japan next spring, and that the two sides were united in their determination to usher in a new era for Japan and China.
Japan and China share a great responsibility for peace and prosperity in Asia and the world.
I firmly believe that the two countries' joint efforts to tackle the problems facing the region and the world and their joint contributions to the international community will contribute to building a new model of future relations between the two countries.
Finally, I wish Japan-China relations flourish and my friends prosperity in their careers.
Overage migrant workers on some sites are estimated to account for more than half.
Where can I find young workers now?
I don't want to use so many old people on the site. There's no way.
Recently, there are many over-age migrant workers on the site (over the retirement age) phenomenon, long-time construction contractor Zou Kui lamented.
Recently, the author's colleges and universities to carry out the rain pollution diversion project, the campus has a lot of migrant workers, if you pay attention to, will find that there are a lot of over-age migrant workers.
Over-age migrant workers are not "not idle," but because "not idle," with "have to do so" helplessness and hardship - whether to save money to solve their old-age and medical problems, or to help their children, drive these should "idle" older people to continue to work hard.
The elderly migrant worker's dependence is not as easy as we think.
Raising children, supporting the elderly, providing for children to study, helping children to build buildings and buy cars, helping children to establish a family and raise their grandchildren over the generations, when these migrant workers have accomplished their "life tasks," their pockets have been emptied and even many debts have been incurred, and most of them lack the means to accumulate wealth.
In order not to drag down their children and to save more for themselves, many migrant workers insist on "doing until they can't do it."
The reluctance of many new generations of "post-80," "post-90" and even "post-00" migrant workers to engage in arduous, labour-intensive secondary industries or low-end services has resulted in structural "labour shortages," which provide opportunities for over-age migrant workers in unattractive jobs.
Due to the lack of a skill, physical function and labor capacity have declined, many over-age migrant workers are working in high-intensity, low-income, high-risk and low-security jobs.
Being able to work day by day, earning more is a little bit, "can't idle" behind the survival predicament of over-aged migrant workers, cannot be ignored and ignored.
In addition to their "self-saving," over-age migrant workers cannot be separated from the institutional protection and humane care of the public sector in solving the problem of unpaid wages and salary claims, improving labour protection, reducing safety risks, increasing labour income and improving their living conditions.
Some scholars have pointed out that over-age migrant workers are less likely to rely on farming at home to cope with their old age and medical problems, and that they have to provide for their families in other ways.
To understand the helplessness and strength of over-aged migrant workers "can't be idle" helps us to better understand the love and pain of over-aged migrant workers.
Seeing the backs of over-aged migrant workers, hearing their sighs, and finding ways to make their return to the countryside a real "reliance on old age" require shared responsibility among the public sector, markets, and society in a virtuous interaction.
He said Russia would not export the system over the next five years because "it would first supply its own army and then export production."
This practice is fully consistent with international practice.
The major producers of arms and military equipment always ensure their own defence needs before processing export orders.
Earlier, the deputy commander-in-chief of the Russian space force, General Yuri Grekhov, said development of the system was nearing completion.
The S-500 system was developed by the "Diamond-Antey" airborne defence company Concen.
This is a new generation of air defence systems that employs principles for the destruction of ballistic and aerodynamic targets.
The main role of the S-500 is to intercept medium-range ballistic missiles, which can intercept missiles with a range of less than 3,500 km.
Additionally, according to some sources, the S-500 can destroy supersonic cruise missiles as well as aircraft, almost all types of unmanned aircraft, supersonic missiles more than five times the speed of sound, and even targets in near-space.
Such weapons can also be integrated into a unified network with other air defence systems, in particular the S-400 system, which is very important from a defence perspective.
Sergei Chemezov expressed particular concern about the S-400.
He said the system is in great demand around the world, but Russian troops also need it, including in the Arctic.
The S-400 anti-aircraft system entered service with the Arctic Air Defence Regiment.
According to information received on 15 September, the conversion of the S-400 anti-aircraft missile system of the Arctic Air Defence Regiment at Newlands Island has been completed.
This is not Russia's militarization of the Arctic.
According to the Russian Ministry of Defence, this is entirely within the framework of the plan for the transition to more advanced defensive instruments in the strategic direction of the north.
"With the transition to the new S-400 anti-aircraft system, controlled airspace in the Arctic region has grown significantly," the news agency of the Russian Northern Fleet said.
Significantly, the military has assessed that the system has been used successfully in the Arctic and Arctic regions.
The regiment's officers and men were trained in the new system and prepared for combat duty.
Previously equipped with the S-300 long-range air defence system, it is still partly preserved.
When it comes to air defence systems, they must have weapons capable of destroying a variety of aerial targets, be they high-speed targets at outer altitudes or "fish in a net" approaching protected installations.
According to open sources, the S-400 Triumph system, developed by Skydefense Concern, is designed to attack strategic and tactical aircraft, ballistic missiles, hypersonic targets and other aerial attack weapons.
This weapon can attack aerodynamic targets at a range of 400 km and shoot down ballistic targets flying at 4.8 km / s at a distance of 60 km.
Russia has never concealed that it will deploy additional air defence forces in the far north to secure its airspace along the northern sea route.
Not long ago, the first 12 Thor-M2DT anti-aircraft missile systems were delivered to Russia's Arctic region, sufficient to form an anti-aircraft battalion to reinforce the Arctic region's anti-aircraft systems.
The Russian Ministry of Defence said then that the Arctic "Tor" force would be expanded to full brigade size in the future.
Together with the new S-400 long-range system deployed on Novaya Zemlya and the Kola Peninsula and the Armored-SA short-range system deployed in the far north, these advanced anti-aircraft weapons provide a powerful defence of Russia's polar skies.
Enemy aircraft, helicopters, and drone missiles will be hard to break through.
According to the Russian government, the flagship store would be a platform for Russian manufacturers to place their goods, avoiding the complex and lengthy process of opening their own stores.
As the operator of Russian goods stores, Russian products multi-company focuses on selling Russian goods in China.
Many of China's largest trading platforms, including TiançŒ«, Jingdong (JD), 1688, JiaoDo, HandQ, and WeChat, have their own online platforms, including Epindoo.com and Russian merchandise retail chains.
The Russian Export Centre will work with Rosneft to develop store marketing strategies and participation criteria, and screen virtual shelving enterprises for products on shelves.
The store is scheduled to open by the end of the year and will display products from at least 10 Russian manufacturers.
According to the Russian Export Center, the total number of visits to China's e-commerce platforms is as high as 1 billion per month.
Meanwhile, food exports to China have been growing steadily since 2014, surpassing $1 billion in 2018.
At present, Alibaba Group will also open a pilot store within the framework of the global import strategy to sell goods from New Zealand, Malaysia and Singapore.
According to Alexei Kozhevnikov, the new store will display goods from companies with sales of at least 500 million rubles.
To tell you the truth, my expectations are higher, 500 million roubles of sales are not enough.
We all know that Chinese consumers have a very positive attitude towards Russian goods, seeing them as high-quality and environmentally friendly products.
Mr. Kozhivnikov said the competition for Chinese consumers, who have a strong purchasing power, is fierce and growing.
"Our goal is to launch 500 businesses through this store within three years," he said.
At the same time, the platform will also be on the shelves of Russian Far East enterprises'products.
"It's a political project that represents the image of both sides, because Russia's export centres are state-owned, not private institutions," said Vyacheslav Cheglov, a professor in the Department of Trade Policy Fundamentals at the Plekhanov Economic University in Russia.
"I don't see a lot of competitive Russian goods on the market."
He believed that the project would probably not actually be implemented, but would help to strengthen relations between the two countries.
More than 170 Russian companies' products have been posted on Alibaba.com, the largest international wholesale online platform, and can be purchased in China and other countries, Andrei Slipnev, president of Russia's Export Centre, said during the Eastern Economic Forum, according to A Russian news agency.
There is also a model for cooperation with Alibaba Group, a training program for Russian enterprises by experts from Taobao University, the first of which was held in July.
The Russian Export Centre will also be the organizer of Russian enterprises' participation in industry exhibitions and business projects at the second China International Import Expo in Shanghai in November.
A large exhibition will be held in a 1,000-square-metre exhibition hall, which will also serve as a centre for business project activities, agreement signing ceremonies, presentations and meetings with Chinese business representatives.
Approximately 50 applications have been received from Russian agricultural enterprises.
"In addition to the agricultural stands, we will certainly hold business meetings, that is, arrange direct contacts between entrepreneurs," said the news agency of the Russian Export Centre.
"This is another direction of our efforts to support businesses and ensure that dozens of specialized meetings are arranged for them."
In addition, the fair will hold master classes, cooking competitions and the "Exploring the Shanghai Station of Russian Food" project of famous Russian chefs cooking Russian American food congresses.
Police awaited a full report and instructions from the Attorney General's Office on the next steps to be taken after the death was ruled non-accidental on Friday by the Mohammad Adi Coroner's Court.
Police will await further instructions from the Attorney-General's Office, according to the coroner's court ruling, National Police Criminal Investigation Directorate General Dato 'Houzl said Friday.
In his statement, he stressed that the police had never terminated the investigation into the death of Mohammad and that the investigation was still ongoing.
On the other hand, Sheriff General Noachan said the police would wait for a full report on the content of the ruling before taking action.
He responded when asked about the incident Friday morning, after attending a ceremony at police headquarters in Xuezhou to hand over the deputy chief of police.
He stated that the police had investigated the case on the basis of the relevant reports.
He added that the police would also review the progress of the investigation and decide whether to call again those who had previously made statements.
In order to welcome the 70th anniversary of the founding of the People's Republic of China, Beijing has recently taken Chang'an Street and its vicinity as the main axis to upgrade the landscape and create a peaceful and festive atmosphere.
At present, 12 three-dimensional flower altars along Chang'an Street have been completed and unveiled, the city's 20 million pots of flowers dress up the capital, dress up to welcome the arrival of National Day.
Along Chang'an Street, 12 ornate and varied three-dimensional flower beds have attracted many tourists to view and take photos.
The themes of these flower beds, from the beginning of "70 glorious years" in the northwest corner of Jianguomen to the end of "a beautiful tomorrow" in the northeast corner of Fuxingmen, highlight the brilliant achievements made in various fields in the 70 years since the founding of New China and show the happiness of the people.
This year's arrangement of greening environment makes full use of its own innovative achievements, integrating new varieties and new technologies at home and abroad.
Over 230 varieties are used in the flowerbed, including 16 self-cultivated varieties, 18 new green resistant varieties and 11 native plants.
Three chrysanthemum varieties named "Cold Dew," "Autumn Candy" and "Autumn Colorful" were used for the first time.
In order to welcome the National Day, Beijing has recently undertaken a comprehensive remediation of the city's landscape environment, replanting more than 12,000 trees, 230,000 shrubs and 2.3 million square metres of grass roots.
At the same time, 200 thematic flower beds have been set up around the city's ring road, the Chang'an Street extension, the Xiangshan Memorial Site, the new airport and other important tourist attractions, and 20 million pots (plants) have been planted, with 10,000 small piles of flowers, 5,000 sets of containers and 15,000 flower boxes hanging.
China releases China and the United Nations and reports on climate change, sustainable development and other issues - Xinhua News Agency
On September 26, the Chinese delegation to the 74th session of the United Nations General Assembly officially released four documents: China and the United Nations - China's Position Paper at the 74th Session of the United Nations General Assembly; the United Nations Climate Action Summit: China's Position and Action; China's Progress Report on the Implementation of the 2030 Sustainable Development Agenda (2019); and the Report on Big Earth Data Supporting the Sustainable Development Goals.
The "China and the United Nations - China's Position Paper at the 74th Session of the United Nations General Assembly" summarizes the achievements and development of China's cooperation with the United Nations in all fields in the 70 years since the founding of New China, especially since the 18th Party Congress.
It was pointed out that China's President Xi Jinping's proposal to promote the establishment of a common destiny for mankind has become the flag of diplomacy of a large country with Chinese characteristics.
Guided by Xi Jinping's diplomatic philosophy, China has taken a more active and promising stance in international affairs, making greater contributions to world peace and development and assuming more responsibilities.
China has always been a builder of world peace, a contributor to global development and a defender of international order.
The paper introduces China's important contributions to the three pillars of the United Nations - peace, development and human rights - in 10 aspects.
We reaffirm China's unwavering support for multilateralism and the central role of the United Nations in international affairs; point out that China's development is in harmony with that of the rest of the world and that the two promote each other; and emphasize that, in the face of the unprecedented changes in the world over the past century, a growing China will contribute more and more positive energy to the world.
"UN Climate Action Summit: China's Position and Actions," which focuses on the nine action areas of the UN Climate Action Summit, introduces China's policy proposals on international cooperation to combat climate change and the achievements of China's initiatives to combat climate change.
As the world's largest developing country, China regards addressing climate change as an inherent requirement for its sustainable development and takes responsibility for building a community for the destiny of mankind. China will continue to overcome many difficult challenges to its development, firmly uphold multilateralism, implement international commitments and make every effort to fully and effectively implement the Paris Agreement.
The Progress Report on China's Implementation of the 2030 Sustainable Development Agenda (2019) is the second progress report issued by China, following the issuance of the Implementation Progress Report in 2017.
The report comprehensively compiled China's initiatives, progress, challenges and next steps in implementing the 2030 agenda, and demonstrated China's determination and achievements in implementing the new development concept and achieving high-quality development.
The report contains examples of precise poverty eradication, innovation-led development, ecological civilization-building, rural revitalization, and building a "one belt, one road" that will provide useful lessons for other countries in implementing the 2030 agenda.
The Report on Earth Big Data underpinning the Sustainable Development Goals demonstrates China's exploration and practice of using Earth big data technology to support the implementation of the 2030 Agenda and policy decision-making, reveals the value and prospects of relevant technologies and methods for monitoring and assessing the sustainable development goals, and provides a new perspective and support for the international community to fill data and methodological gaps and accelerate the implementation of the 2030 Agenda.
The 20th Anniversary of the Macau Institute of Technology Alumni Association - Artworks of Liu Huazhi and Liang Ziheng will be opened at 6: 00 pm on 29 September 2019 at the exhibition gallery of the Huaiyuan Building of the Macau Institute of Technology.
People from all walks of life are welcome to visit the guide.
Liu Huazhi and Liang Ziheng both graduated from the Department of Integrated Design of the Macao Polytechnic Institute and co-founded the design company in 2013. After five years of effort, the company has achieved outstanding results, won over 200 awards internationally, design business all over the world, business across more than 10 countries and 25 cities, successfully pushed the team design to international reputation.
At the invitation of the Alumni Association of the Macau Polytechnic Institute, we will showcase their creative designs and share their experience in starting a business.
In addition to sharing entrepreneurial experiences, there will be exchanges on Macao's design development.
The exhibition runs from September 29 to October 10, 2019, and is open from 9 a.m. to 11 p.m. on holidays.
For enquiries, please contact PolyU at 8559 3119.
Laos collectives and individuals have been awarded the Vietnamese National Order and Emblem
According to the decision on the award of the Medal of Independence issued by the President of Viet Nam, Nguyá»…n PhÃº Trá»ng, on 21 September, the Medal of Independence was awarded to 12 groups and 13 individuals from the Lao National Assembly, organs of the National Assembly, the National Assembly Secretariat and other organs in recognition of their active contributions to consolidating and strengthening the special solidarity between the National Assembly and organs of the National Assembly of the two countries.
The President of Vietnam, Nguyá»…n PhÃº Trá»ng, also issued a decision on the award of the Order of Friendship and the Friendship Emblem.
Pursuant to that decision, the State of Viet Nam decided to award 21 Orders of Friendship and 17 Emblems of Friendship to 4 collectives and 34 individuals of the National Assembly, organs of the National Assembly and the National Assembly Secretariat of the Lao PDR, in recognition of their active contributions to consolidating and strengthening special solidarity relations between the National Assembly and organs of the National Assembly of the two countries.
Speaking at the honours ceremony, Ms. Nguyen Ho Chi Minh stressed that the inextricable relationship between the two ethnic groups in Viet Nam and Laos had been formed through a long historical process and that the good traditional friendship, unity and selfless relationship between the peoples of Viet Nam and Laos, which had been crafted by President Ho Chi Minh and Chairman Keshan For Viet Nam and carefully nurtured by the two parties, successive leaders and peoples of the two countries, had become an invaluable asset for both countries.
Ms. Nguyen emphasized that, in a complex and changing world situation, the great friendships, special friendships and comprehensive cooperation of the Vietnamese and Vietnamese peoples continued to be consolidated and developed and were becoming deeper and more pragmatic.
Ms. Nguyen emphasized that the awarding of medals and badges of the Party and State of Viet Nam to the Lao National Assembly collectives and former senior leading cadres was an acknowledgement by the Party, the State and the people of Viet Nam of the tremendous efforts of their comrades, and expressed the hope that they would continue their efforts and make further contributions to strengthening the great friendship, special solidarity and comprehensive cooperation between the two sides.
Ms. Nguyen stressed that the Party and State of Viet Nam will continue to maintain close cooperation with the Party and State of Laos, inherit and give full play to the cooperation achieved by the two sides, and actively consolidate and promote the great friendship, special solidarity and comprehensive cooperation between the two countries.
Collectives and individuals of the Lao National Assembly who have been awarded the Medal of Independence, the Medal of Friendship and the Emblem of Friendship have expressed their gratitude to the State of Viet Nam for the honour awarded to them and affirmed that it is not only their honour but also the honour of the Lao National Assembly.
E-cigarette smoke has killed 12 people in the United States with associated lung damage in 805 cases.
Twelve people have died from e-cigarette-related illnesses and 805 have suffered lung damage linked to e-cigarette use, U.S. health officials said on Tuesday, the Central News Agency reported.
The United States Centers for Disease Control and Prevention reportedly notified the figures and stated that the specific substances causing the disease had not been identified.
However, most patients reported the use of e-cigarette products containing tetrahydrocannabinol, the main psychoactive compound in cannabis.
The surge in lung cases is believed to be linked to the purchase of contaminated electronic smoke dispensers on the black market.
According to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, the 12 deaths occurred in 10 states from California to Florida, while 805 confirmed and suspected cases were reported by 46 states and the United States Virgin Islands.
In the past three weeks, India and the U.S. state of Massachusetts have banned the sale of e-cigarettes, while New York and Michigan have banned flavored e-cigarettes.
Reportedly, the Trump administration intends to ban all flavors of electronic tobacco products from October onwards.
When is the next bus coming?
"Internet + smart stationery" lets you have a number in mind.
The first batch of "Internet + Smart Stations" will be installed in Nanjing, where 54 public transportation electronic screens will be lit up, which will upgrade Nanjing's information-based services in an all-round way and improve the efficiency of public transportation services and people's travel happiness.
In the past, anxious waiting scenes were staged almost daily at bus stops.
The unpredictable running times of public buses and the difficulty in obtaining information about bus routes and vehicle locations along the routes make it urgent to address the problem of the painful points of public bus travel, especially in some large cities, where the long commute routes and the complicated traffic conditions during rush hours in the mornings and evenings have made it difficult to guarantee bus punctuality.
To this end, Nanjing Smart Transportation teamed up with Gaode Map to explore in-depth the new direction of "Internet + Transportation" convenience services, launched the first "Internet + Smart Stationery" this intelligent service project.
It is reported that the first batch of "Internet + Smart Stations" arrived in Nanjing, combining Gao De data and Gao De's ETA algorithm of vehicle estimated travel time, and relying on the upgrading of public transportation electronic stations and mobile Internet, traffic data to realize the "Bus Smart Stations + Electronic Map" two-sided public transportation routes, public transportation estimated arrival time and other capabilities.
Through the "Internet + smart station signs," Nanjing residents can not only easily obtain the expected arrival time of buses, know the real-time location of buses and the distance to the current station, but also through the three colors of red, orange and green can intuitively grasp the situation along the bus routes, so that all routes of the bus routes at the station can be seen in real-time.
Thanks to the "Internet + smart signage" technology, Nanjing residents have realized such convenient and efficient means of public transportation as "searching for bus location before going out, mastering the time of arrival when waiting for a bus, and knowing the time of arrival when sitting on a bus."
According to the "Internet + smart signage" of real-time public transport information, choose the most suitable routes for their own travel, while also can do psychological anticipation, reduce the anxiety of waiting for a bus, thus making travel more convenient and leisurely.
More than 30 Summer Palace artifacts on display for the first time
Reporters from the Beijing Summer Palace Management Office learned that 99 sets of fine cultural relics were on display, of which more than 30 relics were the first time the Summer Palace exhibited to the public, showing the rich palace cultural relics collection of the Summer Palace and its traditional connotation of longevity.
It is reported that the exhibition is divided into four exhibition areas, namely, Ruiyu Jijin, Fushu Shou ultimatum, Wonderful Crafts, and Fucai Zhihua.The exhibition features a variety of cultural relics, such as jade bronze, ancient books and paintings, miscellaneous items and ceramic enamel.
The deputy director of the Department of Heritage of the Summer Palace Management Office, Li Jia, said that the exhibition had a large number of high-level cultural relics, as well as many cultural objects and exhibits of a large age span.
Nearly 30% of the exhibited cultural relics are national and secondary cultural relics, cultural relics from the Shang Dynasty to the Qing Guangxu years.
The Shang Dynasty Zhenggui clock, which is more than 3,000 years old, is one of the "oldest" bronze artifacts on display at this exhibition.The large body of the Qingyu Woniu, weighing nearly 80 jin, is carved from a whole piece of Qingyu, which is very rare and well preserved.
Qin Lei, deputy director of the Beijing Summer Palace Administration, said that the cultural exhibition was guided by the spirit of making cultural relics "living up," relying on the idea of the Summer Palace "Fu Shan Shou Hai" gardening, with the theme of "Fu Shou" as the carrier, visitors through the exhibition to understand the Summer Palace's profound Fu Shou culture, promote and inherit Chinese traditional culture, and convey the good wishes of blessing and celebrating.
It is reported that the exhibition will last until January 30, 2020.
Xinhua Time Review: Be firm in not moving our own way
China and the World in a New Era, a white paper released on the 27th of this year, answers: The success of China's development over the past 70 years is rooted in the fact that, under the leadership of the Communist Party of China (CPC), the Chinese people have found the right path of development with Chinese characteristics and have steadfastly followed it.
It is the choice of history and the choice of the people that China follows the path of development that suits it.
Since modern times, in an environment of poverty and weakness, internal and external worries, generations of benefactors and philanthropists have sought and continued to seek the way to save the country and its people.
However, "constitutional monarchy, restored monarchy, parliamentary system, multi-party system, presidential system all thought about, tried, the result is not workable."
Only with the Communist Party of China and the New China did the Chinese people gradually open up a path of socialism with Chinese characteristics in practice.
The road out of which China has embarked is the road to the happiness of the Chinese people, to the rejuvenation of the Chinese nation and to the common development of China with other countries in the world.
It is precisely because China is on the right path that it can do its job well, become the world's second-largest economy and contribute the most to global economic growth, and continue to benefit the world through its own development.
As pointed out in the White Paper, China's development path is in line with China's national conditions and meets the requirements of the times.
Looking back, the Chinese people know how difficult it is to find the right path. Looking around the world, the Chinese people cherish the right path even more.
The Chinese understand the reason of the northern orange, understand that what suits others may not suit oneself, only suits oneself is the best.
It is with this road-confidence and strategic determination that China has created a miracle that has captured the world's attention.
In the tortuous process of human advancement, the "end of history" has been famous for a while.
Today, the success of the socialist road with Chinese characteristics has proclaimed the end of the "end of history," the collapse of the "Chinese collapse doctrine" and the failure of the "socialist failure doctrine."
China's success has boosted the confidence of developing countries in achieving prosperity for their people and expanded their path towards modernization, providing experience and lessons for those countries and peoples in the world who wish to accelerate their development while maintaining their independence and follow a path consistent with their national conditions.
The world is rich and colorful.
China has always respected the right of all countries to choose a development path suited to their national conditions.
China will not "import" foreign models or "export" Chinese models. Instead, it will steadfastly follow its own path, achieve its own continuous development, strengthen governance and exchanges with other countries, and make its due contribution to the common realization of good governance.
The Fair Work Commission found that the boss of a Foodworks supermarket, who fired a 66-year-old worker by text message because he preferred to hire people from Asian backgrounds, was strongly criticized as "disgraceful."
The Commission stated that Ms. Gail Ayton's boss, Jianbin Wang (Eddie), who had worked at Wagga Wagga for more than 20 years, treated her employees in a manner that was "extremely unfair" and possibly in violation of anti-discrimination laws.
Ms. Ayton told the Committee that Mr. Wang had taken over the store in 2016 and that he had been "wanting to fire me" because she was not Chinese.
In this case, Peter Sams, Vice-Chairman of the Commission, conducted a search on the Internet and found that "Mr. Wang had posted some job advertisements in the past on various Chinese Australian employment forums."
Among the job requirements listed for these positions, one said "Woman of the Year" and the other "Employee of the Year."
The third post said that he was "more inclined to overseas people."
Mr. Wang dismissed Ms. Ayton by text message in April of this year, later claiming that it was due to her absence from work and the alleged lack of cash on the cash register ranging from $5.10 to $30.
However, Mr. Sams stated that Mr. Wang's reasons for dismissing Ms. Ayton were weak and unsubstantiated.
She had been absent from only one shift in three years, and the "missing amount" totalled several Australian dollars.
He stated that Ms. Ayton's dismissal "actually had nothing to do with her conduct or behaviour."
"It seems to me, backed up by evidence from Mr. Wang's advertisement, that the real motive for her dismissal was that he preferred to hire someone with an Asian background," he said.
Pursuant to section 772 (f) of the Fair Work Act, Mr. Wang's conduct, which appeared to constitute a violation of the anti-discrimination law and / or the dismissal of the applicant, was unlawful. "
Mr. Sams stated that, in view of Mr. Wang's "horrible" treatment of Ms. Ayton, it was inappropriate for him to consider reinstating her in her post.
He should consider paying compensation to Ms. Ayton, a casual worker with an hourly wage of $26.
In view of possible violations of anti-discrimination and labour relations legislation, Sams stated that he would submit his findings and documents to the Commission's authority to consider whether Mr. Wang's actions should be referred to other bodies to investigate possible violations of state or federal law.
He states that Mr. Wang did not give Ms. Ayton any opportunity to respond to the alleged reasons for her dismissal.
He said: "I believe that the respondent took an irremediably unfair and biased procedure to dismiss the applicant and that Mr. Wang" awaited "this opportunity, which he believed would 'justify' the termination of the applicant's employment."
"He was wrong... The respondent dismissed the applicant with total disregard for any natural justice accorded to her and, shockingly, for his rude and grossly unfair perfunctory behaviour."
Mr. Sams said that although Foodworks was a small business, "it must be frankly stated that no decent employer would dismiss an employee in the most unfair and perfunctory manner admitted in this case."
He said: "This is shameful and extremely unfair."
Guangdong Railway Fights National Day Golden Week Passenger Flows Increasingly 175 Trains - Zhongxin Network
Guangzhou, September 27 (Guo Jun Xu Jing) 27 reporters from the Guangdong Railway Group, to meet the National Day Golden Week passenger travel demand, Guangdong Railway Group will continue to increase the number of hot direction trains, the average number of daily increase in passenger trains during the holidays 175, the overall increase in the peak passenger traffic during the National Day Golden Week.
Guangzhou Railway Group will take a number of initiatives to do a good job during the peak passenger flow passenger service.
Guangzhou South Station has optimized the three-storey security clearance corridors, 12 new security clearance corridors, a total of 44 security clearance corridors in the three-storey waiting room, in addition, to smooth the flow of passengers into the station, Guangzhou South Station 19 new self-service real-name verification equipment, a total of 71.
In order to alleviate the delay and congestion of vehicles on the North-South Road of the South Station, Guangzhou South Station will open three new car parks with 1,000 additional parking spaces, easing the pressure of traffic in the vicinity of the South Station.
Shenzhen North railway station will open "high-speed rail - subway" inspection - free green corridor.
From October 6 to 7, when passengers arrive at the rush hour, the A2 exit of Shenzhen North Station will be connected to the subway and a screening-free passage will be provided to facilitate travel during the rush hour.
In addition, the east and west squares will normally set up U-colored Love Expressway, 15 minutes before the start of the station for passengers and special priority passengers services.
On the eve of the National Day Golden Week, the Guangzhou-Kowloon passenger section conducted staff business training to ensure that all staff working in the passenger services learn and master business knowledge, improve service quality, and ensure that train attendants provide better service to passengers with a good spirit and more professional standards of business quality.
Six denied involvement in sale of fake macaroni paper
Six men suspected of counterfeiting and selling our passports, birth papers and identity cards, including an assistant director of the National Names Registry and a businessman with the rank of lieutenant governor, passed through the court on Thursday and were referred to the Supreme Court for trial on charges of anti-trafficking in persons and anti-trafficking in migrants.
One of the defense attorneys for the defendant, Li Zhenhua, who was also a Sunset Cave MP, applied to the judge to withdraw from representing the defendant.
He stated that he had been criticized by his political opponents for representing the accused and that his Action Party had been implicated.
He stressed that he did not fear any threats of his own, but did not want to be used by irresponsible units to discredit the Action Party and the Hezbollah Government or other Hezbollah leaders, and that his decision had been made after careful consideration.
He also said there was no conflict of interest between representing the accused and being a member of Parliament, and that he was not legally barred from representing any of the accused, who had not yet been convicted.
The six defendants were brought before the court on 12 September and denied all charges under section 26E of the Anti-Trafficking in Persons and Anti-Trafficking in Migrants Act and section 466 of the Criminal Code (forgery of documents) and were not granted bail pending trial.
On Thursday, two District Judges, Noshaha and Mazlan, granted the prosecution's motion to refer six defendants to the High Court on charges of human trafficking and immigration-trafficking decrees, pending the prosecution's handover of documents to the defence.
Earlier, six defendants had been arrested under the National Security Offences (Special Measures) Ordinance 2012 and the judge had therefore not granted bail.
Walking with the Fatherland -- Shorthand by a Party of the Armed Police Force
Jinqiu, military parade training ground, the average height of 1.83 meters of officers and soldiers formed an armed police unit, training is busy.
The sparkling bayonets, the unique olive green and the bright red shoulder bands together make up a beautiful scenery.
A few days ago, reporters walked into this square, felt the armed police officers and soldiers will always be the Party and the people's loyal defenders of the determination and their "honour supreme" feelings and pursuit.
"The dream of shining brilliant life, writing a new era of immortal legend..." This is the square troops and troops collectively created the team song - "Coming with the motherland."
This song is the motto of every member of the square team.
Qi Xiaoguang, who stands 1.92 meters tall, stands out in the square team.
As the flag bearer of the former Armed Police National Flag Guard, he had a deeper understanding of honor.
A soldier's honour comes from hard training.
As the flag carrier Qi Xiaoguang, training has been high standards and strict requirements.
He trained in sandbags, crammed his stopwatch, blindfolded his stride, and steadied himself against the wind.
In his "Cartridge career," there is a picture always unforgettable.
A flag-raising ceremony, the rain poured down, and visitors to watch the flag-raising ceremony but no one left.
The moment the national flag was raised, Qi Xiaoguang felt the glory of the five-star red flag on his shoulders.
In 2019, he was elected as a member of the National Guard.
Benchmarkers and Optimists have different standards of action.
Qi Xiaoguang introduced, Optimist and benchmarks of the frequency of progress although only 20 more than 20 steps, training but to pay more efforts.
The base soldier is the first in the first row, which directly determines the degree of neatness of the square.
After concentrating on his training for the parade, he repeatedly kicked his legs every day and practiced a stiff kick.
In the demonstration, his precise pace and speed won applause from officers and soldiers.
In the square team, almost every officer and soldier and Qi Xiaoguang have the same experience.
Zhu Xudong's father, a warrior, attended the 50 th anniversary parade 20 years ago.
To follow in his father's footsteps to become a member of the square team, he suffered setbacks, but never discouraged.
He said: "To walk through Tiananmen Square like my father and accept the inspection of the Party and the people is the glory of my life.
Entered the square team honors room, "the capital stabilizes the elite division" 8 big words into the eye.
Wang Qian, the party's political commissar, said the party's members all come from the Beijing Armed Police Force, an armed police force with a glorious tradition, which has undertaken such important tasks as the National Day celebrations, the National Day celebrations, the security of the Party's national congresses and the fight against terrorism in the capital, and has nurtured a large number of British model groups and individuals, such as the Flag Guards and the Heroic Squadron for National Defense.
Reception for foreign experts to celebrate the 70th anniversary of the founding of the People's Republic of China
A reception for foreign experts celebrating the 70th anniversary of the founding of the People's Republic of China was held at the Great Hall of the People on the evening of 27 July.
First of all, on behalf of the Chinese Government and President Xi Jinping, Mr. Han extended sincere thanks and greetings to all foreign experts and international friends who cared about, supported and participated in China's reform, opening-up and modernization drive.
Han Zheng said that since the founding of New China, especially in the more than 40 years of reform and opening-up, the Communist Party of China has led the Chinese people of all ethnic groups in unity to overcome difficulties and strive to become stronger, successfully stepped out of a path of socialism with Chinese characteristics and ushered in a great leap from standing up, becoming rich to becoming strong.
Since the 18th National Congress of the Communist Party of China, the Party Central Committee, with Comrade Xi Jinping at its core, has pushed forward the overall layout of the "Five Ones" and the strategic layout of the "Four Comprehensive" in an integrated manner, and pushed forward the historic achievements and changes in the cause of the Party and the country.
New China's 70 years of development achievements are the result of the unremitting efforts of the Chinese people of all ethnic groups, as well as the hard work of foreign experts.
Over the past 70 years, a large number of foreign experts have come to China and joined the Chinese people in the modernization drive, making indelible contributions that the Chinese people will never forget.
Han Zheng pointed out that China's development has come to a new historical starting point, and the Chinese people are making unremitting efforts to overcome the Chinese dream of building a prosperous society, achieving the great victory of socialism with Chinese characteristics in the new era and achieving the great rejuvenation of the Chinese nation.
China will adhere to the principle that "development is the first priority, talent is the first resource and innovation is the first driving force," and vigorously implement an innovation-driven development strategy to promote economic and social development.
People are the most innovative and dynamic factor, and China will accelerate its efforts to train a large number of internationally qualified strategic and technological personnel, leaders in science and technology, young technological personnel and high-level innovation teams.
Han said China's cause is a cause supported by the people of the world, a cause open to the world to learn, and a cause of cooperation with the rest of the world.
China will adopt a more open and inclusive stance, earnestly learn from the people of the rest of the world and firmly implement a more active, open and effective policy of talent introduction.
We sincerely welcome more and more foreign experts to China for innovation and entrepreneurship, and welcome talented people from all over the world to participate in China's modernization drive, so as to make greater contributions to building a common destiny for mankind and to the cause of world peace, development and human progress.
Liu He, Yang Jiechi, Chen Xi, Zhang Chunxian, Xiao Jie and Wan Gang attended the reception.
The reception was moderated by the Minister of Science and Technology, Wang Zhigang.
The reception was attended by some 1,800 elderly foreign experts who have been working in China for a long time, representatives and spouses of foreign experts working in China, relevant departments of the central and state organs and responsible comrades from Beijing.
China's deepest railway shaft main well drilled to the end.
Xinhua News Agency Kunming, September 27, by wire (reporter Ding Yiquan) According to the China Railway Tunneling Bureau Group Co., Ltd., China's first long-distance railway tunnel - the Da (Ri) Rui (Li) railway Gaoligongshan Tunnel No. 1 shaft 27 successfully dug to the end of the main well, 762.59 meters deepest railway shaft record.
In the tunnel construction, the shaft can improve the ventilation of the tunnel, improve the efficiency of ballast production and ensure the safety of the construction.
"Successful completion of the main shaft of No.1 Goryeongshan Tunnel will help push forward the construction of the underground vehicle yard, open a number of working faces for the later construction of the main hole and leveling guide, and speed up the construction of the whole Goryeongshan Tunnel," said Song Tao, chief engineer of the shaft construction area of the Tai Rui Project Department of the China Railway Tunnel Bureau.
Song Tao introduced that the construction of the No.1 shaft of the Gaoligongshan Tunnel uses the drilling method, and is equipped with large-scale specialized machinery, such as the drilling frame, the drilling stabilizer, the drilling winch, the integral mobile metal template, the FJD-6A type umbrella drill and the central rotary rock grabbing machine, thus forming a mechanized excavation system, ballast release system, suspension system and the hoisting system.
It is understood that the Dali-Ruili railway, which runs from Dali to Ruili in the east, has a total length of about 331 km and a design speed of 140 km / h, making it an important part of the China-Myanmar international railway corridor.
Gaoligongshan Tunnel is the first longest railway tunnel in China with a total length of 34.538 km.
Scenes from the TV series Fox Hunt Re-introduce the Detective-Police Style
"Fox Hunt," a cross-border detective drama series, was recently filmed in Tianjin airport. Actors Wang Kai and Wang Qu filmed important scenes, such as transporting fugitive economic suspects back to their home countries, with support from China Southern Airlines.
This time, Fox crews filmed key scenes at the airport that best illustrate the results of Operation Fox, in which the team hunts for fugitives, seizes planes, signs arrest warrants, and so on.
The crew filmed a number of scenes on the tarmac, customs border checkpoints, and the passenger cabin and doors of the aircraft, re-presenting China's first-line detective police and fox-hunting heroes flying in many countries, hunting for fugitives and the hard journey and professional style.
To complete the shoot successfully, Fox's creators undertook extensive pre-production work, reconfirming every execution detail to ensure the most realistic and compelling visuals.
It is believed that the show will also be filmed in a number of foreign locations.
Vietnam should seize the opportunity of AI development.
The four criteria used to assess and rank cities' readiness to face the AI wave include prospects, realization capabilities, asset base, and direction of development.
Singapore ranked first, followed by cities in the United Kingdom, the United States, France, Sweden, the Netherlands, Germany and Australia.
Speaking to reporters, Oliver Wyman said: "I find it very interesting to review and evaluate cities such as Hanoi and Ho Chi Minh City in Vietnam.
Overall, I think Vietnam's future is bright against the backdrop of high growth, a strong economic development path and a fast-growing talent base.
I think Viet Nam is on the right track and doing well.
It is important for Viet Nam to know how to take advantage of the opportunities presented by the Fourth Industrial Revolution to further its economic development.
Artificial intelligence is revolutionizing the way people work, communicate and live.
It brings greater efficiency, but also threatens to exacerbate social, economic and technological inequalities.
Yet, according to a global study by Oliver Wyman, the only cities in the world today are ready for the breakthroughs of the AI age.
Guterres said it was a pleasure to be here to celebrate the 70th anniversary of the founding of China and congratulated the Chinese government and people on their impressive achievements over the past 70 years.
"Every time I visit China, I am shocked by the pace of change and progress," Guterres said.
You have created one of the world's most dynamic economies and lifted more than 850 million people out of poverty - the largest poverty reduction achievement in history.
He stated that in realizing the vision of the Millennium Development Goals, China had witnessed transformative results: Decreases in infant and maternal mortality, improved nutrition, fewer stunted people and a halving of the number of people without access to safe drinking water and sanitation.
At the same time, China has one of the best education systems in the world, attracting international students from all over the world
A photo exhibit celebrating the 70th anniversary of the founding of the People's Republic of China opened today at United Nations Headquarters in New York.
Guterres said this year also marks the 40th anniversary of the UN's presence in China.
Over the past four decades, China has been a key participant in the work of the United Nations and a pillar of international cooperation and multilateralism.
After promoting the implementation of the Millennium Development Goals (MDGs), China was actively pursuing the implementation of the 2030 sustainable development agenda.
As the second-largest contributor to the regular and peacekeeping budgets of the United Nations, China had been a stable partner in ensuring that the Organization carried out its activities.
China had contributed troops to eight peacekeeping missions, including more than 1,000 Blue Helmets serving in South Sudan.
"As the United Nations approaches its seventy-fifth anniversary, we need to re-establish a global partnership to support multilateral solutions to global crises," Guterres said.
I look forward to China's continued commitment and engagement in building a better world for all.
Wang Yi, State Councilor and Minister for Foreign Affairs of China, said the Chinese people had worked hard for 70 years to create unprecedented opportunities for development.
For 70 years, the Chinese people have always walked with the rest of the world.
China's achievements are not only China's achievements, but also the achievements of the world and humanity.
This photo exhibition tells of the Chinese people's struggle, achievements and contributions to the world.
United Nations News Photo / Standing
State Councilor and Foreign Minister Wang Yi is reading the report on the United Nations Sustainable Development.
Here is the story of ethnic unity and the great achievements of China's policy of regional ethnic autonomy, whether in Xinjiang, north and south of Tianshan Mountains, or in Tibet, on the snow-capped plateau.
The economy is developing rapidly, the society is peaceful and stable, and the people are living and working in peace and contentment.
Wang said the exhibition also tells the story of the Chinese people building ecological civilization, the story of peaceful development, the story of the development of the Belt and Road Initiative and the story of nurturing a common destiny.
As Chinese President Xi Jinping has said, green waters and green mountains are mountains of gold and silver.
Through continuous efforts, China has embarked on the path of green development.
China pursues a peaceful foreign policy, actively establishes diplomatic relations with all countries in the world, plays a role in solving hotspot issues and becomes a central force for world peace.
In the face of the unprecedented changes in the world, China has actively maintained an international system with the United Nations at its core.
After 70 years, China is young, prosperous and full of splendor. No matter how the world changes, we will stick to our original intentions.
Wang Yi meets Malawi Foreign Minister Kassala
State Councilor and Foreign Minister Wang Yi met with Malawi's Foreign Minister Kassala during his visit to the United Nations General Assembly in New York on Monday.
Wang said that in the 12 years since the establishment of diplomatic relations between China and Malaysia, bilateral relations have developed in a healthy and stable manner and exchanges and cooperation in various fields have been steadily advancing.
Last year, President Xi Jinping invited President Mutharika to China to attend the Beijing Summit of the Forum on China-Africa Cooperation.
China is ready to work with Malaysia to continue to implement the important consensus reached by the two heads of State and the outcome of the Beijing summit of the Forum on China-Africa Cooperation, and to promote the further development of practical cooperation between the two countries.
China is ready to strengthen communication and cooperation with Malaysia in international affairs to safeguard the common interests of both sides and the overall situation of China-Africa relations.
Mr Kassala said China was a true friend of Malawi and African countries and that its development had benefited the Malawian people.
Malawi adheres to the one-China policy and thanks China for its support and assistance to Malawi.
The Malaysian side looks forward to the further development of China-Macao relations and welcomes more Chinese enterprises to invest in Malaysia.
About 800 million National Day trips reflect China's booming tourism supply and demand
About 800 million people will travel in the upcoming Golden Week of the Eleventh.
Many tourism platform big data, China's tourism consumption market supply and demand boom.
Referring to the National Day tourism statistics of previous years, the National Day tourism report forecasts that the number of domestic tourists on the National Day holiday this year will approach 800 million, and more than 7.5 million outbound tourists.
Currently, tourists from more than 500 cities use the platform to book package tours, free trips, custom tours, local entertainment and other products, involving 100 countries and territories.
China's National Day holiday hosted 726 million domestic tourists last year, up 9.43 per cent year-on-year, according to the China Tourism Research Institute.
This year's National Day holiday not only the number of tourists will be a new high, consumption upgrading will also become the National Day holiday travel "the main melody."
National Day holidays cost more than 3,000 yuan per person across the country's provinces, up from the same period last year, the report said, citing popular choices such as high-rated brand hotels, non-shopping tours, sophisticated package tours and coach guides.
Similar trends can be seen in reservations figures from Donkey Mother Travel, where "private tours" with comfortable coaches and fewer than 10 people on long domestic routes are more popular than in previous years.
Spring and autumn tourism data show that its consumers prefer experience-oriented, service-oriented and differentiation-oriented "slow and easy."
Flying pig data show that China's four-line and below the fastest-growing tourist bookings, year-on-year growth of 30 per cent, reflecting the domestic more areas of residential consumption upgrading.
Personalization is a major feature of this year's Eleventh Golden Week.
Car rental orders for the National Day holiday are expected to rise by nearly 60 per cent year-on-year, according to Ctrip.com, with short-haul tours of the secret-seeking periphery attracting continued enthusiasm and private group enrolment up 155 per cent year-on-year.
Sharing joy has become the main purpose of people's tourism and leisure.
National Day holiday visitors accounted for 28 per cent of parents and children, 25 per cent of couples and 23 per cent of co-workers and friends travelling together, according to travel data.
In terms of the age of tourists, "after 80" and "after 90" accounted for more than 50 percent of the total.
It is worth noting that, unlike the past gold week outbound travel growth more rapidly, this year's domestic travel market performance more "eye-catching."
The number of people booking domestic travel routes for the National Day holiday this year rose 42 per cent year-on-year, more than the number of outbound trips, according to flying pigs.
Industry analysis, while the demand is strong, all over the country to promote tourism supply-side reform, for tourists to provide a richer "textile travel feast."
For example, the State Administration of Sports and the Ministry of Culture and Tourism have jointly released the "Golden Week of Sports and Tourism Routes for the Eleventh of 2019"; the Shanghai Tourism Festival 2019, which is being held, will feature 100 cultural and tourism events in seven sectors to attract Chinese and foreign tourists; and several provinces, including Henan, Zhejiang, Hunan and Shandong, have introduced measures to reduce ticket prices or provide free tickets for scenic spots in the proximity of the Golden Week.
According to Ctrip booking data, Chongqing, Wuhan, Hangzhou, Xi'an, Chengdu, Guangzhou, Beijing, Shanghai, Nanjing and Tianjin will be the most popular domestic tourist destinations.
China's first direct-to-video theater film, "This Moment - Celebrating the 70th Anniversary of New China," will be broadcast simultaneously in 70 theaters in more than 10 provinces on October 1.
CCTV will broadcast the 70th Anniversary of New China celebrations, military parades and mass demonstrations on a large screen using 4K ultra-high-definition signals.
The head of China Central Radio and Television said in Beijing on the 27th that on National Day, the station will set up more than 100 stations, along Chang'an Street and the celebration area at the height of more than 200 sound pickup equipment, using camera language and simultaneous sound, the first full-flow, all-elements 4K ultra-high-definition and 5.1 surround sound broadcasting.
China is expected to become Australia's largest beef export market.
China faces a severe pork shortage following the outbreak of swine fever in Africa and is expected to become Australia's largest beef export market, according to an animal protein analyst at the Dutch cooperative bank.
Chinese consumers are switching from pork to other animal proteins in the aftermath of the outbreak, which has led authorities to destroy large herds of livestock. In the past year, China's pig population has been halved and pork prices have almost doubled.
China produces and consumes two-thirds of the world's pork.
Demand for other meats, including beef, has increased, with China, the world's largest importer of animal protein, now importing 27 per cent of the world's pork and 24 per cent of the world's beef, said Chenjun Pan, senior animal protein analyst for China at Dutch cooperative bank ABN Amro.
China's beef imports from Australia increased by 65 per cent in the first half of this year, surpassing the U.S. and Japan as Australia's largest beef export market, Ms. Pan said.
Yesterday, Beijing said it would release more pork from emergency stockpiles ahead of the celebration of the 70th anniversary of the Communist Party of China.
White Paper: China has always placed its own development in the coordinate system of human development
'China has always placed its own development in the coordinate system of human development and has always attached its destiny to that of the peoples of the world, 'the paper said.
The White Paper says China promotes world peace and development through its own development.
As the largest developing country in the world, China is firmly committed to following its own path, concentrating its efforts on doing its own good, making the country richer and stronger and its people happier, and injecting stability and certainty into a complex and volatile world, which in itself is the greatest contribution to world peace and development.
In the new era, China will continue to unswervingly follow the path of socialism with Chinese characteristics under the guidance of the Chinese People's Development Strategy.
China has always regarded economic development as the key to its national reconstruction, steadfastly pursued the path of high-quality development, implemented the new development concepts of innovation, coordination, green, openness and sharing, and accelerated the construction of a modern economic system to better meet the people's growing need for a better life.
Let the common people live a good life, is always the biggest goal of China's development.
The Chinese army has always been a staunch defender of world peace.
The White Paper points out that China adheres to win-win cooperation and common development.
"The Chinese people want to live a good life not only for themselves, but also for the people of other countries."
China adheres to the principles of innovation, growth linkages and the integration of interests, and promotes the building of a "one belt, one road" and high-quality development for global poverty reduction and development.
The White Paper says China is firmly committed to upholding and promoting economic globalization.
China is an active participant in economic globalization and a staunch supporter of it.
China stands ready to join the international community in taking the initiative and steering the process of economic globalization to become more dynamic, inclusive and sustainable.
China will implement a more proactive opening-up strategy, create a more comprehensive, in-depth and multi-dimensional opening-up pattern, achieve broader mutual benefits and win-win outcomes, and safeguard and promote economic globalization through practical actions.
China resolutely opposes unilateralism and protectionism.The door to opening up will be wider and wider.We will accelerate regional economic integration and continue to promote the internationalization of the renminbi.
The White Paper notes that China firmly supports multilateralism and upholds international fairness and justice.
China will, as always, firmly uphold the international system with the United Nations at its core, firmly uphold the international order with the purposes and principles of the Charter of the United Nations at its core, and work with other countries to uphold multilateralism and oppose unilateralism.
Maintaining fairness and justice is China's basic norm in dealing with international issues.
China respects the development path and social system independently chosen by the peoples of all countries, respects the sovereignty and territorial integrity of all countries, and opposes interference by external forces in the internal affairs of other countries.
China will never impose its will on others, nor will it allow anyone to impose their will on the Chinese people.
The White Paper says China is actively engaged in leading the reform and construction of the global governance system.
As a responsible country, China has always adhered to a balance of rights and obligations. It has not only seen the demands of China's development on the world, but also the expectations of the international community, and has actively participated in the reform and construction of the global governance system.
China has actively supported the reform of the United Nations, so as to make it better adapt to the new requirements of global governance in terms of its ideology, institutional set-up and mode of operation, better fulfil its responsibilities under the Charter of the United Nations and play a greater role in safeguarding world peace and promoting common development.
China has actively promoted the innovative development of the concept of global governance, summarized the successful practices and experiences of national governance in a timely manner, actively explored the positive ways of life in Chinese culture and the resonance of the concept of global governance with the contemporary times, and strived to contribute to the improvement of global governance with Chinese wisdom, Chinese programmes and Chinese strength.
Wang Yi: China has never been absent to help Africa achieve peace and security.
On September 26, Chinese State Councilor and Foreign Minister Wang Yi attended a public meeting of the Security Council on "Peace and Security in Africa" at United Nations Headquarters in New York.
In his speech, Wang Yi said that China and Africa are good friends, brothers and partners.
China has never been absent from helping Africa maintain peace and security.
At this very moment, more than 2,000 Chinese peacekeepers are guarding peace in five United Nations missions in Africa.
The Chinese navy has escorted more than 1,200 ships in the Gulf of Aden and Somalia for more than 10 years.
'we support Africa's capacity to strengthen peace and security, 'Mr. Wang said.
The China-United Nations Peace and Development Fund, announced by President Xi Jinping in September 2015, focuses on supporting African peacekeeping, combating terrorism and achieving sustainable development. To date, 34 projects involving Africa have been launched, serving as a new platform for trilateral cooperation between China, Africa and the United Nations.
On the road to achieving peaceful development in Africa, China will continue to stand firmly with Africa and work hand in hand with it.
The world's oldest hairdresser died at the age of 108, cutting for 96 years
Mancini, the world's oldest barber by Guinness World Records, never retired from performing daily haircuts at the age of 108, but died on the 19th of complications from jaw cancer after 96 years of haircuts.
According to CNN, Mancini emigrated to the United States at the age of eight, and soon afterwards helped clean the floors of a barber's shop, picking up scissors at the age of 12 to relieve the family's financial strain.
Mansinelli attended primary school, but did not graduate.
Mancini's son, Robert, revealed that his father loved working and loved him from all over the world, but that although he was always healthy, he was diagnosed with cancer in February and was unable to work six weeks before his death.
Robert, 82, said he had to find a new hairdresser after his father died because he had had his hair cut with his father's help all his life.
Repurchase of listed companies exceeded 100 billion yuan in year - Xinhua News Agency
In order to stabilize the company's share price and preserve its image, listed companies have begun to repurchase shares frequently in the past two years, hoping to relay to the market the information that the company's value is undervalued through targeted repurchase and collective bidding, thus stabilizing the share price and enhancing investor confidence.
According to Eastern Wealth Choice, the amount of funds used by listed companies to buy back shares in 2017 was 7.9 billion yuan, which jumped to 51 billion yuan in 2018, and since 2019, the total amount of A-share repurchases implemented by listed companies has exceeded 100 billion yuan, the highest amount of A-share repurchase funds in history and far more than in previous years.
From the point of view of the purpose of repurchase, the repurchase of shares appears to be the same as the increase of shareholders, but there are great differences among the implementing entity, the source of funds, the purpose of repurchase and the equity of the shares themselves.
Xu Yang, chairman of Shanghai Maikerong Information Consulting Co., Ltd., told Securities Daily reporters that the November 2018 Opinions on Supporting Share Repurchase by Listed Companies had been issued to rectify existing problems such as the narrow scope of share repurchase, complicated decision-making procedures and unsound inventory system.
In January this year, the Shanghai and Shenzhen Stock Exchanges officially issued the Implementation Rules for Share Repurchase by Listed Companies.These policies broadened the sources of funds for share repurchase by listed companies, properly simplified implementation procedures, guided the improvement of governance arrangements, and encouraged various listed companies to implement incentives for equity ownership or employee ownership plans.
Subsequent to the opinion, listed companies to share repurchase operations, with more applicable circumstances, the repurchase process is simpler, share repurchase enthusiasm is also more.
Repurchase of shares at a relatively low position also helps listed companies to use their funds more efficiently, thus increasing earnings per share, raising net asset returns and reducing the pressure on corporate earnings indicators.
Compared with the increase of shareholders, the repurchase of shares by listed companies is more meaningful and reflects the willingness of listed companies to actively manage their market capitalization and abundant cash flow.
Xu Yang believes that the undervalued share price is the main factor of the listed company's repurchase, the company's share price already cannot reflect the company's future development prospects, so such companies deserve the attention of investors, but not blindly to invest, the need to pay attention to the financial statements of such listed companies and the specific operations.
The large-scale repurchase of listed companies, at least indicated the company's development confidence and financial strength.
Increasing enthusiasm for A-share repurchase by listed companies has also normalized repurchase activity, with data showing that nearly 1,000 listed companies have implemented share repurchase this year, and leading companies in various industries have become the mainstay of the repurchase market.
Ping An of China recently disclosed the progress of the repurchase, saying the company has accumulated 57.59 million A-shares, or 0.315 per cent of the company's total equity, through centralized competitive bidding, and paid a total of 5 billion yuan (excluding transaction costs), all of which will be used for the employee-shareholding plan, including, but not limited to, the long-term service plan approved by the company's general meeting.
Eli shares have paid $5.792 billion for share repurchase, and the use of repurchase shares has recently been adjusted from the original plan that "the repurchase shares will be used as the source of shares for the later implementation of the equity incentives" to "the accumulated repurchase of 183 million shares, of which 152 million shares will be used as the source of shares for the implementation of the equity incentives, and the remaining 3.49 million shares will be written off to reduce the registered capital."
Illy shares said the write-off of some of the repurchased shares would help further raise the level of earnings per share and improve the return on investment of the company's shareholders.
TCL Group on September 25 issued a progress announcement, TCL Group cumulative repurchase of 3.59% of the company shares, a total cost of 1.65 billion yuan.
The TCL Group's board office told Securities Daily that the repurchase would be used for employee equity plans, equity incentives or to convert convertible corporate bonds issued by listed companies.
TCL Group adheres to the established business strategy, continuous improvement of competitiveness, sustainable and healthy development.
Based on the confidence in the future development of the company and the protection of investors' interests, combined with the performance of the company's shares in the secondary market over the past year, and taking into account such factors as the company's operations and financial situation, the company plans to use its own funds, self-financing and other financing methods to buy back the company's shares.
Yang Delong, chief economist at Qianhai Kaiyuan Fund, said the repurchase of shares by listed companies had greatly boosted market confidence by reducing the number of shares in circulation and increasing earnings per share.
The repurchase of domestic listed companies has been increasing gradually in recent years, especially the outstanding shares. The repurchase of shares to boost investors' confidence is a very good way and is worthy of recognition and encouragement.
Hu Henghua, secretary of the Hunan Provincial Committee Standing Committee and the Changsha Municipal Committee, and the four leaders of the Hunan Army in engineering machinery manufacturing - Zhan Chunxin, Liang Shenggen, He Qinghua and Liu Feixiang - set a "small goal" around "changsha from engineering machinery to intelligent manufacturing" - to build a world-leading cluster of engineering machinery industry in three to five years.
In Changsha to build the world's leading level of engineering machinery industry cluster, in the current fashion, is to build "the strongest surface."
As the capital city of the inland province, Changsha shouted this boastful remark, how come?
By the power of leakage of hegemony.
The four engineering machinery Xiang enterprises participated in the dialogue, each with a mastery, covering the sky, underground, sea, land all fields: Mountain and river intelligent light aircraft, Zhonglian Heavy Section of concrete delivery pumps, Trinity Heavy Industries of all-ground cranes, iron construction heavy industries of tunnel shield machine, its "hard strength" can be said to be alone in the world, arrogant.
Once upon a time, China had little say in the field of engineering machinery manufacturing.
Time and tide change, Chinese enterprises "introduced" "go out" two-wheel drive, take advantage of the "one belt, one road" initiative, acquisitions, mergers, plants and other multi-pronged, leap into the global engineering machinery industry.
Among them, the leading enterprises in engineering machinery, such as Sanyi Heavy Industries, Zhonglian Heavy Industries, Iron and Steel Construction Heavy Industries and Shanhe Intelligent, have taken a significant lead in their output value, market share, sales and other major economic indicators.
It's a camera-driven momentum.
Xiangjun engineering machinery "Four Golden Gangs," is Changsha engineering machinery industry cluster's outstanding, is also the global engineering machinery industry's leading enterprises.
In the quagmire of global industry, who can live, and live well, is the hard way to speak.
Earlier years, the global engineering machinery industry suffered a cold winter, many internationally renowned engineering machinery manufacturing enterprises have fallen, but Changsha's engineering machinery manufacturing enterprises "cat winter" as "winter swim," self-imposed pressure, self-breakthrough, through the transformation of industrial structure, from manufacturing to intellectual, not only survived the past, but also strengthened the body.
By the stars of the moon of the political enterprises together.
Developing advantageous industries requires both enterprises to be aggressive and governments to be active.
Changsha's reputation as a "capital of engineering machinery" lies in the fact that it has gathered the entire industrial chain from upstream to downstream, created a number of clusters of related industries, and reduced the cost of R & D, manufacturing and sales by optimizing the business environment, improving supporting services and simplifying the approval process.
Good business ecology, so that engineering machinery manufacturing enterprises flocking to.
History has pushed Changsha to build the global engineering machinery leading level of the foreground, when I do not wait, when benevolent.
Whether the government, or the enterprises, or even the relevant industry and researchers and other links, should seize the opportunity, follow the trend, set their targets, and continue to make efforts to contribute to the construction of a strong and manufacturing Hunan.
Wang Yi presided over the meeting of the Foreign Ministers of China and the African members of the Security Council.
Wang said China and African countries are good brothers and partners.
In the past, now and in the future, China stands firmly with its African brothers.
We advocate the convening of such a meeting as a concrete measure to implement the important consensus reached by President Xi Jinping and African leaders at the Beijing Summit of the Forum on China-Africa Cooperation last September, in order to strengthen China's unity and cooperation with African countries in the Security Council and to promote better international support for peace and development in Africa.
Mr Wang said Africa was China's most important and trusted partner.
As a permanent member, China's vote in the Security Council has always belonged to the vast number of developing countries, including African countries.
Faced with the new situation, China is ready to work with African countries in the Security Council to strengthen unity and cooperation and safeguard common interests.
The two sides should unite their forces, settle disputes through consultation, seek self-reliance and strengthen themselves through development and governance.
The foreign ministers of the participating African countries thanked China for its initiative in convening the conference and congratulated the 70th anniversary of the founding of New China.
The Foreign Ministers said that relations between Africa and China are based on equality and mutual respect and that Africa and China have always been the most trustworthy and trustworthy partners of each other.
The African side appreciates that China, as a permanent member of the Security Council, has played an important and active role in African affairs, vigorously promoted the just and reasonable settlement of African issues and made great efforts and contributions to safeguarding African interests and promoting peace and security in Africa.
Africa is currently facing the threat of terrorism and extremism. Only by addressing security issues can Africa truly achieve long-term peaceful development.
We look forward to further coordinating positions and strengthening solidarity and cooperation with China in the Security Council.
Wang Yi said that today's meeting reached an important consensus.
We are all in favour of preserving multilateralism, strengthening the authority and role of the United Nations, upholding the purposes and principles of the Charter of the United Nations and opposing unilateralism and hegemonic practices. We have all agreed to strengthen China-Africa mutually supportive cooperation in the affairs of the United Nations and the Security Council and to safeguard the common interests of China and the developing countries in general. We have all supported African countries in solving African problems in an African manner and have requested the United Nations to provide financial support for African-owned peace operations. We have all supported the concept of "cooperation for development and development for peace" to help African countries achieve independent and sustainable development.
Gansu Qingyang: Lake sheep pack to "out of poverty."
Autumn of September renders the Loess Plateau.
Xia Weili, a 58-year-old villager in Yima Township, fills the feeding trough in the sheep fold with the last shovel of grass and watches the white lake goats chew.
"Good delicious, wait for the autumn and winter full fat, the column can sell a good price."
He says he feeds sheep "special nutritious meals" every day, cleans them regularly, sterilizes them, and does not shy away from serving them well.
Harvey raised sheep for more than 20 years, until he came to work in a cooperative to learn how rough sheep had been.
Xia Weili is a villager from Yima Township, Qingcheng County, Qingyang City, Gansu Province.
His neighbours are sheep farmers, but adhere to the traditional way of dispersal, poor quality sheep, small column.
In June this year, under the guidance of the Government, 140 poor families in the village joined the cooperative, and everything began to change.
Harvey spent the whole day studying farming, for his heart was always choking.
The shareholders were all poor families who trusted the sheep to the cooperative and were counting on him to distribute the dividends and sell them at the end of the year.
Fortunately, with the guidance of technicians, he slowly learned to do epidemic prevention, mastered scientific feeding, became the village's few breeding "good handle."
The professional cooperative is a standardized cooperative, with 16 sheep sheds and nearly 1,400 lake sheep.
Zou Tao, the head of the cooperative, said standardized sheep shed inside and outside, there are doorways.
"The wool is thick and easy to breed bacteria. Lake goats can't stay in hot, humid places. The sheep shed must be built on three sides of the ditch.
Zou Tao said that in order to prevent the epidemic, sheep sheds also need regular spray disinfection, three to four times in the first quarter of the sheep vaccination.
In addition to living well, the Little Fat Sheep had to eat a mixture of silage corn, wheat straw, alfalfa, and a sufficiently wide playground to stretch their muscles.
Cooperatives have adopted the system of trusteeship and substitution to guide local farmers to put well-bred lake goats into the area for unified breeding, management and marketing, so as to achieve better breeding, scientific, standardized and intensive breeding.
Today, 140 poor households with shares in sheep receive more than 6,000 yuan a year in bonuses.
From "many mountains grazing" to "precise feeding," from "local mating" to "artificial insemination," from "looking at the size, feeling the belly" to "doing B-super one by one"... In Qingyang, Gansu Province, meat and sheep farming is not just a change in the way of feeding.
If market prices weaken, Zou said, the local leader Gansu Zhongsheng Agricultural and Livestock Development Co., Ltd., would buy at a market-protected price of 27 yuan per kilogram to help farmers spread market risks.
Xu Jianfeng, general adviser to Gansu-based Zhongsheng Agricultural Development Co., Ltd., said the company had helped more and more poor households read the "sheep jing" by providing loan guarantees, sheep-growing supplies, order farming, quotation purchases and unified processing and marketing services.
In Qingyang, at least 8,200 poor families have achieved a steady increase in their incomes through grass-raising, breeding of good seeds, large-scale farming, slaughter-splitting and market sales.
Qingyang is located in the north of the intersection of agriculture and animal husbandry, forage resources are rich.
At present, the city has 913 large-scale sheep farms and cooperatives, raising more than 5 million sheep, and has built two processing production lines on the scale of 1.3 million slaughtered sheep.
France's finance minister said he would cut taxes by more than 10 billion euros next year and called on Germany to follow suit
Paris (Reuters) - France will cut taxes by more than 10 billion euros ($10.9 billion) next year, while Germany should keep pace with France's fiscal stimulus to revive its flagging economy, France's finance minister said Thursday.
In introducing France's 2020 budget, Mr. Lemaire said the ECB's latest monetary easing created an opportunity for more investment by member governments that could afford it.
The European Central Bank cut interest rates to record lows on September 12 and plans to restart debt purchases to keep borrowing costs low, in the hope of stimulating economic recovery and boosting inflation.
"Low interest rates will not restore prosperity in Europe, and monetary policy measures are necessary but not sufficient," Mr Lemaire told reporters.
"Germany needs to invest, now, as soon as possible. Don't wait until things get worse," he added.
He has repeatedly made this appeal to Germany.
France has already implemented more than 10 billion euros in tax cuts this year, boosting its economic growth considerably.
And the global economy has lost momentum, with Germany's export-dependent economy bearing the brunt.
Le Maire notes that next year the tax burden on French households will be reduced by â‚¬9.3 billion, including a â‚¬5 billion income tax credit.
Furthermore, with the gradual implementation of the corporate tax rate, which will be reduced from 33.3 per cent to 25 per cent over a five-year period, the tax burden on enterprises will be reduced by almost Euro1 billion.
Recently, President Xi Jinping issued important directives on the protection of memorial facilities for martyrs, emphasizing the need to strengthen the planning, construction, repair, management and maintenance of martyr mausoleums.
In order to further implement the spirit of the important directives of the President of the People's Republic of China and to vigorously promote the management of the protection of memorial facilities for martyrs, the General Work Programme for the Renovation, Management and Maintenance of Martyrs' Memorial Facilities has been issued by the General Office of the Central Committee of the Communist Party of China, the General Office of the State Council and the General Office of the Central Military Commission.
The Work Programme is a programmatic document for the protection and management of memorial facilities for the martyrs.It clearly defines the objectives and tasks of the protection and management of memorial facilities for the martyrs, and proposes to plan and build good memorial facilities for the martyrs and improve the system of red educational bases for promoting the spirit of martyrs; repair and protect good memorial facilities for the martyrs and create a strong social atmosphere that respects the memory of martyrs and honours them; and manage and maintain good memorial facilities for the martyrs and form a well-regulated organizational and safeguarded management system.
The Work Programme clearly stipulates that efforts should be made to strengthen the renovation and protection of memorial facilities for the veterans.In accordance with the principle of overall planning and a long-term perspective, efforts should be made to strengthen the renovation and protection of memorial facilities for the veterans, improve the leadership structure and mechanism, and improve the policy and regulatory system.
The Work Programme emphasizes the need to improve institutional systems and organizational safeguards, strengthen organizational leadership and establish a working mechanism led by the Ministry of Veterans Affairs, with the active cooperation of relevant units and the broad participation of the community. It focuses on implementing the Law on the Protection of Heroes and Martyrs, improving the regulatory system and continuously promoting the institutionalization, standardization and specialization of the management and maintenance of planning, construction and maintenance of memorial facilities for martyrs; strengthening the construction of troops and introducing volunteer services, and encouraging veterans, families of martyrs, specialists, scholars and young students to actively participate in such work as explaining and maintaining order at memorial facilities for martyrs; and improving the mechanism for social participation, insisting on government-led and diversified input, and actively advocating and encouraging
Study: The U.S. National Healthy Eating Index has grown modestly but remains a challenge - CNS
The U.S. government's index of healthy eating has risen moderately from 56 to 58 in 16 years, according to a new study.
But with a perfect score of 100, it's not worth celebrating.
Americans continue to face "significant challenges" in their diets.
Americans still eat too much food that can cause heart disease, diabetes and obesity, the most common diseases among Americans, said Dr. Margaret Chang, a nutrition researcher at Tufts University in Massachusetts and co-author of the study.
The study appears in the 24 th issue of the Journal of the American Medical Association.
The study was based on the findings of a government health survey of 44,000 adults conducted between 1999 and 2016.
"Despite significant improvements, significant dietary challenges remain," the authors write.
The challenges are known to include reducing the amount of saturated fat in snacks, hot dogs, fattening cattle and butter.
The study found that the intake of these unhealthy fats in people's diets increased from 11.5 percent to 12 percent, exceeding the recommended limit of 10 percent.
The biggest improvement in the U.S. national diet has been a reduction in sugar intake from 16% to about 14%, but it is still too high.
Officials say added sugar should be less than 10% of a person's diet.
The researchers linked the decrease in sugar intake to a reduction in drinking sweet soda, but Zhang stressed that sugar is often added to even less sweet foods, such as yogurt and ketchup.
Adult consumption of fruits, nuts, oats, and other whole grains increased slightly in the United States.
However, according to 2016 data, these foods still account for less than 5% of the daily diet.
Despite a slight reduction in salt intake and lower consumption of fruit juices, which leads to lower-quality carbohydrates, Zhang says they still account for up to 42 per cent of daily calories, many of which come from refined white bread and other refined grains.
The study was based on a biennial personal health survey that asked adults to recall what they had eaten in the past 24 hours.
These health surveys have asked this question twice every few days since 2003.
The U.S. government has issued guidelines for Americans to adopt a "healthy diet" to reduce the risk of chronic disease.
The guidelines state that people should eat more nutritious foods such as vegetables, fruits, whole grains, low-fat dairy products, as well as protein-rich seafood, lean meat, poultry meat, eggs and seeds.
The number of Americans with diabetes almost doubled, by more than 7%, during the study period, and the obesity rate increased over the years - about 70% of American adults are now overweight or obese.
Moreover, heart disease remains the leading cause of death in the United States.
EU promotes strategic partnerships with Asia
Members of the Politburo of the Communist Party of Viet Nam, the Secretary of the Central Secretariat and the Minister of Central Economic Affairs, Nguyá»…n VÄƒn BÃ¬nh, led a delegation to attend the forum.
In line with the close cooperation between the European Union and its partners in the Asia-Pacific region, the theme of the Forum was "European Union-Asia docking: Building bridges for a sustainable future."
The forum was held a year after the implementation of the European Union's two continental docking strategy.
Jean-Claude Juncker, the president of the European Commission, said the strengthening of the link was part of the idea because of the benefits it would bring to the peoples and economies concerned.
These relations have contributed to bringing stability and prosperity to the parties concerned.
He also believes that the EU wants to convey the message of increased participation and the consolidation of a mutually beneficial docking relationship between Europe and Asia.
Prime Minister Shinzo Abe of Japan is a special guest of the Forum and will deliver an important speech at the plenary session.
Technology-enabled capital management for the country's first banking subsidiary
Everbright Bank's wholly owned subsidiary, Everbright Financial Management Co., Ltd., was formally established in Qingdao, China's first joint-stock bank financial management subsidiary.
Experts said that asset management is an important area for the development of financial technology, and the establishment of financial subsidiaries is conducive to the use of technology to enhance the management of capital.
In April, Everbright Bank and China Merchants Bank respectively issued announcements that they had obtained approval from the China Banking and Insurance Regulatory Commission to set up financial management subsidiaries.
On September 24, the bank announced that Everbright Financial Services had officially been authorized to open.
Shortly after two days, Everbright Bank led a number of joint-stock banks, the first to establish Everbright Financial Management in Qingdao.
Li Xiaopeng, chairman of Everbright Group, said the group would accelerate its pace of innovation, use modern technological thinking and tools, rely on big data, the Internet of Things and cloud computing, increase the coverage, usage and penetration of financial capital, and enhance customers' sense of access, well-being and security.
By 2021, we will establish and improve the "four pillars and eight pillars" of China's financial science and technology development, further strengthen the application capabilities of financial science and technology, achieve deep integration and coordinated development between finance and science and technology, and visibly enhance the satisfaction of the people with digital, networked and intelligent financial products and services.
Zhang Xuyang, chairman of Everbright Financial Services, said that the Everbright Financial Services management platform will use such technologies as smart shopping, smart research and big data to help Everbright Financial Services better judge the macroeconomic situation.
In the future, blockchain and other new technologies will be used to grasp the direction and trends from traditional assets to alternative assets to digital alternatives.
Dong Ximiao, a specially hired researcher at the National Financial and Development Laboratory, said financial technology companies and regulators would use it to explore new growth paths in the face of new competition in the asset management industry.
Financial technology enabling the asset management industry is not only the need of financial technology itself transformation and development, but also will inject new vitality and vitality into the development of asset management business.
Earlier this year, Jingdong Digital Technology launched a new capital management technology system to enhance the R & D and wind control capabilities of capital management products with the help of technology and digitization.
The new system starts with the four capabilities of product design, sales transaction, asset management and risk assessment, and improves the overall intelligent operation level of the capital management industry.
Experts believe that asset management technology not only enhances customer service capability and innovative products, but also enhances risk prevention capability and asset management efficiency.
Mr Zhang said the use of artificial intelligence for user profiling, which used to skew clients' risk preferences by means of questionnaires, could help better target customers and defuse risks by tailoring products to their investment preferences.
"Other kinds of big data, such as e-commerce and spatial and temporal data, can help us better characterize the activity and prosperity of a region and an industry."
While mitigating risks, big data technology will also help improve wind control capabilities, Zhang said.
Record deepest railway tunnel shaft in China
Zhang Weimingxu Zhou Jingbo, China's top railway tunnel shaft depth of 762.59 meters, broke the record for the deepest shaft in a Chinese railway tunnel after more than 1,200 days of day and night construction.
Located in Yunnan Province, the 34.5-kilometre-long Dalian-Shanghai railway tunnel crosses the Goligon Mountains from the coast of Jiangxi Province, making it the longest double-track single-tunnel tunnel in Asia.
The tunnel traverses 19 fracture zones, with a maximum burial depth of 1,155 metres, and is known as the "Geological Museum" of tunnel construction because it covers almost all of the adverse geological and significant risks that can be encountered in tunnel construction.
Shafts are the most important auxiliary tunnels in the Goligong Hill Tunnel, and shoulder loading increases the operating surface to achieve the "long tunnel short hit" and the ventilation of the later railway operations.
Shaft 1 was successfully dug to the bottom of the well, marking the formal entry of the Goligon Hill Tunnel into horizontal tunnel construction.
"The vertical wells are all in granite formations, because the granite formations are more cracks, not water, from up to down continuously, basically how deep the wells have much water pressure."
Zheng Jingzhao, chief engineer of the Dalian Railway Project Department of the China Railway Tunneling Bureau, told reporters that during the shaft construction, there were many dangerous situations such as mudslides and water collapses.
"The maximum inflow in a shaft is over 300 cubic metres per hour, and the bottom of the shaft is over 700 metres deep, with a water pressure equivalent to 700 metres of seafloor."
"If we don't pump and drain in time, we'll flood the well by 10 meters in an hour," he said. "We spend almost 85 percent of our time treating the water and 15 percent of our time digging in."
In order to overcome geological difficulties such as vertical joint development, mud inrush and water-rich granite in the perimeter of No. 1 shaft, the tunnel construction adopts a combination of "exploration, injection and excavation" system water control measures to reduce the construction risks.
After many improvements, the No. 1 shaft construction has formed a mechanical pipeline of excavation system, ballast release system, suspension system, winch lifting system and so on.
Eventually, after more than 1,200 days of day and night work, the shaft was successfully dug to a depth of 762.59 metres.
With a total length of 330 km, the railway is an important part of the China-Myanmar International Corridor and an important transportation infrastructure in the implementation of the Belt and Road Initiative.
After the completion of the road, the travel time from Dali to Ruili will be reduced from 6 hours to 2 hours, greatly improving the transportation pattern in western Yunnan and promoting economic and trade cooperation and friendly exchanges between China and South and Southeast Asian countries.
Mrs. Lin: As a Chinese, I am proud of my country's achievements
The Hong Kong press welcomes the 70th anniversary of the National Day.
"Hong Kong Press Reception to Celebrate the 70th Anniversary of the Founding of the People's Republic of China" 27 held in Hong Kong.
Speaking at the reception, the Chief Executive of the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region, Mrs Carrie Lam, said that the country's achievements over the past 70 years had been well known to the world and we were proud to be Chinese.
Mrs Lam, Deputy Director-General of the Liaison Office of the Central Government in Hong Kong, Mr Lu Xinning, Deputy Commissioner of the Office of the Special Commissioner of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs in Hong Kong, Mr Song Ru-an, Deputy Political Commissioner of the PLA Forces in Hong Kong, Mr Chen Yading, Chairman of the Executive Committee of the Preparatory Committee for the National Day Celebration of the Hong Kong Media, Mr Jiang Yizhong, and other guests attended the reception and officiated at the ceremony.
In her speech, Mrs Lam noted that over the past 70 years, China has stepped up its efforts and made great strides. Even though it has faced many difficult challenges, we have overcome them and surpassed them.
Since its return to the motherland, Hong Kong has been closely associated with the Mainland, working hand in hand to make progress and share fruitful achievements.
We believe that under the premise of "one country, two systems," Hong Kong can continue to develop its advantages in the future, seize the opportunities of the Belt and Road Initiative, Guangdong, Hong Kong, Macao and the Bay Area, and seek a better future for Hong Kong.
She also said that over the past few months, Hong Kong has seen social controversy, affecting everyone in Hong Kong, and journalists have faced different challenges.
At this critical juncture, it is our hope that our friends in the media will continue to rise to the occasion, work with professionalism, provide fair and balanced news for the community, and do their part for the future of Hong Kong and the return of rational communication and dialogue.
In his speech, Jiang noted that the glorious history of the New China is also the history of Hong Kong's development, common progress, ties of blood, honour and disgrace with the motherland.
In particular, since Hong Kong's return to the motherland, the Central Government has unswervingly implemented the principles of "one country, two systems," "Hong Kong people governing Hong Kong" and a high degree of autonomy.
To this end, the Hong Kong press gathered to celebrate the 70th anniversary of the founding of the People's Republic of China.
He said that over the past three months, Hong Kong had witnessed a series of violent activities that flagrantly violated the law and wantonly destabilized society. Some media outlets had published distorted and false reports, which had contributed to the violence.
He called on the media to raise public awareness and create a good atmosphere in which violence would be rejected and the rule of law upheld.
Professional media professionals should abide by the professional standards of journalism, guide citizens to consciously and violently separate themselves from the law with truthful reporting and responsible speech, and uphold the impartiality and majesty of the law.
About 500 people from all walks of life, including members of the Hong Kong press, joined the officiating guests in raising glasses to greet the 70th anniversary of the founding of the People's Republic of China.
Reporters from the publicity department of Xining Municipal Committee understand that on October 1, the city of Xining will implement the "Regulations on the Promotion of Civilized Behavior in Xining City," focusing on 15 types of uncivil behavior, such as pedestrians not following traffic signal lights, throwing objects from buildings and other uncivil behaviors, a list of key controls, and the establishment of corresponding penalties.
Wang Shengbin, Vice-Minister of Publicity and Director of the Municipal Civilization Office of Xining Municipal Committee, said that since Xining was awarded the title of National Civilized City in 2017, citizens' civilized literacy and ethical standards have improved markedly.
However, uncivil behaviours such as pedestrians crossing the streets indiscriminately, breaking red lights, non-motorized vehicles not following traffic lights, high-altitude parachutes, window parachutes, smoking in public places, walking dogs in public places and allowing people to urinate and defecate in public places are still prominent and easily rebounding and need to be addressed as soon as possible.
Combined with the actual situation in Xining, the Regulations set out more comprehensive and higher standards for the standards of civilized conduct of individuals and organizations in terms of public places, public order, public facilities, public environmental sanitation, civilized travel, civilized tourism, civilized Internet access, the construction of civilized schools, the promotion of civilized family construction, the performance of public duties, the commemoration of heroes and martyrs, and medical services, so as to make the whole society understand "what can be done," "what is advocated" and "what is prohibited."
"The enactment and promulgation of regulations to eliminate blind spots and misunderstandings in the field of cognition of civilized behaviour and to comprehensively standardize citizens' behaviour, housekeeping, meals, travel, education, tourism, Internet access, green living and cleaning up of weddings and funerals will provide a strong legal guarantee for the normalization of the work of creating mass spiritual civilization in Xining City."
Secretary - General of the Standing Committee of the People's Congress of Xining, Qiu Huaijun, said.
Lines 1, 2 and 7 of the Beijing Subway will be delayed tonight - Zhongxin Network
(Pei Jianfei) In the afternoon of today (September 27), the Beijing Subway Corporation issued a notice announcing that the extended last-minute operating dates of Lines 1, 2 and 7 would be adjusted between September 27 and October 7.
During the delay, Lines 1 and 2 will operate until the next morning, with an average of 10 minutes of service.
Line 1 was extended from west to east for 61 minutes and from east to west for 64 minutes, with the last trains running after 00: 30 on the following day; Line 2 was extended from inner ring to outer ring for 81 minutes and 95 minutes, with the last trains running after 0: 20 on the following day.
The last departure time of Line 7 Beijing West Station (towards Jiaohuachang Station) was extended from 23: 15 to 00: 15 the following day, and the last departure time of Line 7 Jiaohuachang Station (towards Beijing West Station) was extended from 22: 25 to 23: 25.
Car keys fall into lake British tourist car keys fall into lake French family trapped for five days
A Welsh couple who took their two children to France on a holiday accidentally dropped their car keys into a lake, forcing them to wait five days to get a new one from a carmaker.
The couple then left France with their children.
The British family was touring a French lake when their daughter accidentally knocked over a purse and its car keys fell into the lake on Sept. 16, local time, it was reported.
But it took them hours, and they couldn't find the key.
All their belongings and cash were locked in the car.
Although British tourists bought insurance before departure, insurers refused to help on the grounds that the vehicles were not in danger of being stolen.
They had to hire a trailer to take the car to a garage for storage and then reorder the keys from the carmaker.
A few days later, British tourists finally got the keys, and the couple left France with their children.
Their scheduled trip was cancelled due to the loss of their car keys.
Saudi Arabia officially liberalizes travel visas to 49 countries, including China
Saudi Arabia has released travel visas to 49 countries, including China, for a total of 440 Saudi riyals (836 yuan) from today's announcement.
Visitors are required to prepare a copy of the medical insurance covering Saudi Arabia and to provide an address in Saudi Arabia to apply for it.
Visitors can apply for a check-in at the airport upon arrival, or by using visa.visitsaudi.com for an electronic check-in.
Among them, the e-signature for more than one year of entry, can allow tourists to stay for up to 90 days.
Saudi Arabia is the most mysterious country for ordinary tourists because it never issues tourist visas.
In recent years, Saudi Arabia, under the leadership of Vice Crown Prince Mohammed bin Salman, has promoted a "Vision 2030" plan aimed at reducing the country's economy's long-term dependence on oil, of which open tourism and tourism development are important components.
The Deputy Prime Minister of Belarus, Igor Lyashenko, paid a working visit to the province of Xing'an in Viet Nam.
During the meeting, Du Jinshi, Secretary of the Xing'an Provincial Party Committee, highlighted the remarkable achievements of Belarus in industrial production and the investment of Belarusian enterprises in Xing'an Province.
The completion and commissioning of the MAZ ASIA automotive production and installation plant is an important step in the development of cooperation between enterprises of the two countries, helping to promote cooperation between the provinces of Xing'an and even Viet Nam and Belarus.
Du Jinshi, secretary of the Xing'an Provincial Party Committee, said that Xing'an had always created favourable conditions for Belarusian enterprises investing in the province and hoped that in the future Belarus would take more vigorous measures to encourage Belarusian enterprises to invest in Xing'an and Viet Nam and assist in the training of workers and transfer of industrial production technology.
Deputy Prime Minister Igor Lyashenko expressed appreciation for the recent facilitation of the production and operation of Belarusian enterprises in the province of Xing'an.
It was to be hoped that the province of Xing'an would continue to provide facilities for Belarusian enterprises.
After the meeting, Vice Prime Minister Igor Liashenko and his team attended the completion ceremony of the MAZ ASIA automotive production and installation plant.
Pilot notification and commitment system in low-risk varieties of food production licensing and other areas, and decentralization of foreign business representative offices to the free-trade zone
On the 27th, the Shanghai Municipal Market Supervision Bureau and the Pudong New Area Government signed a Memorandum of Understanding, introducing 20 market supervision reform measures, some of which were piloted in China.
According to the introduction, the promise to inform refers to the administrative organs in handling the relevant license registration matters, in a written form to the conditions and requirements stipulated by laws and regulations to inform the applicants in a lump sum.
After the applicant has signed the undertaking, the administrative organ may handle it directly.
According to the memorandum, the Shanghai market regulatory authorities will support the registration of enterprise names in the Pudong New Area and the Shanghai Self-Trade Experimental Zone, the processing of permits for the production of foodstuffs of simple processes and low-risk varieties, and the approval of certain types of measuring instruments in three pilot areas, so as to facilitate enterprises' access.
Shanghai Shao Wansheng Food Co., Ltd. on the 27th through the way of informing the commitment to obtain on-the-spot "food production license," became the first enterprises to enjoy the pilot dividend.
Business leaders said food permits were also available on the spot, and that they had "feel the convenience of reform" by allowing companies to submit some of their materials within the deadlines stipulated in the letter of undertaking.
Shanghai market regulators said the system of notifying commitments to food production licenses was the nation's first pilot.
After the reform, the process of examination and approval was reduced from the previous six processes of "registration, acceptance, on-site verification, sampling inspection, material examination, examination and approval and certification" to three processes of "registration, acceptance, examination and approval and certification."
Taking into account the high outward orientation of Pudong's economy, the Shanghai market supervisory department has decentralized the registration of permanent representative offices of foreign (regional) enterprises to the Shanghai Free Trade Area, thus facilitating the nearby processing of enterprises.
Statistics show that the decentralization involved 1,592 permanent representative offices in the Shanghai Free Trade Area, 99 of which have been handled in accordance with the new rules.
Eleventh "long vacation" consumption small survey: Choose more diversified tourism to occupy the first place.
As the National Day holiday approaches, people's holiday plans are gradually being finalized.
"Securities Daily" reporters recently launched a small survey of friends on the holiday arrangements for the Eleventh, received nearly 20 feedback, although everyone's plans vary, but "travel + consumption" became the holiday keyword.
Specifically, in the Securities Daily reporters received feedback, more than half of the people chose to travel.
Mr. Liu, who lives in Tianjin, said: "I plan to take my family to Shanghai for the holidays, Disneyland is the first stop, and then I'll go around the surrounding cities." Ms. Li's family in Beijing opted for a trip to Taiwan, where "a family of three leaves on September 28 and plans to go around the island for 10 days." Ms. Ma in Chongqing planned an outbound trip to Singapore, and Mr. Zhang's family in Hebei chose to drive, saying: "My daughter is less than two years old.
The " 2019 National Day Golden Week Travel and Tourism Trends Report," jointly published by Tong Cheng Yulong and Tong Cheng tourism, shows that this year's National Day Golden Week travel and tourism in the three sub-areas of travel, residence and travel consumption upgrading trends are evident.
Aircraft, high-speed rail travel penetration rate steadily increased, star hotel, personalized non-standard accommodation needs to increase the proportion.
On September 23, 2019, the group released the National Day Tourism Consumption Trends Report, which showed that tourism consumption continued to thrive, and "eating, living, playing" diversified upward trends.
More young people go out to enjoy high-quality, characteristic experiences, cultural tourism, night tourism and other continuously rising enthusiasm.
In addition to tourism, various types of consumer demand are also concentrated during the Eleventh.
Mr. Wang, who lives in Chengdu, told Securities Daily that his main plan for this year's Eleventh is to buy a car.
Generally speaking, September and October of each year are known as the golden months for car sales, a staff member of a 4S shop in Beijing told Securities Daily.
A number of activities will be launched during the Eleventh Festival, such as raffle, shop reduction and so on.
In addition, a number of brands have recently launched new models, expected to boost sales of new products will be more obvious.
Under the trend of consumption upgrading, people attach more importance to the satisfaction of spiritual needs, and the proportion of consumption of services such as culture and education is constantly increasing.
"Since the baby was born, spending on culture and education has become the bulk of household spending," says Ms. Du, who lives in Beijing
"We've been packed up for the 11th of this year with visits to the Star Trek Planetarium, the Children's Theatre, tent camps at the Elk Museum for families over the weekends and audition sessions," he said.
According to some industry insiders, in theory, the evolution path of residents' consumption upgrading is from subsistence consumption to development consumption and enjoyment consumption, in which a considerable part of enjoyment consumption is the category of service consumption.
With the continuous development of our country's economy and society and the rising income level of residents, people pay more and more attention to the spiritual consumption demands, tourism, travel is a good way.
Especially to catch up with the National Day holiday, more ample time, people are more willing to travel and consume, which can satisfy the spiritual level of consumption needs, but also reflects the upgrading of residents' consumption.
Afternoon began to be lonely, and do not want to go out, have not adjusted the children not around the state.
Take heart and say to Nana, "Mommy will take you out."
Detailedly wrote out to do a few things, the characteristics of type A blood more and more tough, they feel very awkward.
Take suit, buy nutritious grains, pay, buy raw fish, Nana small snacks.
These are the reasons for going out.
In the phone, just to my sister Aisha said thanks to Nana, or even to buy snack excuses have no.
There were a few perfunctory laughs, said the child to the phone and hung up.
Nana jumped into the carriage and down on her feet, knowing she was seasick, frightened, and unwilling to accompany me.
My husband Beau seldom comes back early.
After praising the delicious salmon-and-butter salad, he went to his bedroom and lay in bed watching TV.
Look at the clock on the wall, just 7 o'clock, sunrise country sunset is also early, it has been dark.
The circle of friends are inventing the moon, it turned out that today is the Mid-Autumn Festival.
Wash a bunch of grapes sent by friends, leave half to Beau, the remainder in a favorite small flower bowl, take out to see the moon.
And Nana sat on the ground, and I ate the grapes, and she ate the skins: And I spake the seeds of the grapes far away.
The moon is hidden in the clouds, but as the clouds go on, the moon will suddenly appear, a bit glaring.
All the poems about the moon surged in my mind, but I only liked this one very clearly: Whenever three or five people are reunited / All the jade columns are covered with light / The sky is lifted only once / All the names on earth look up.
Maybe we give too much emotion to the moon, for me now, in fact, that God to God, Caesar to Caesar is the best.
The moon turns to the moon, the mood to yourself.
Having eaten the grapes, this regiment of cold moon is cold.
Nana snored a little at her feet, got up, and laid Nana's little blanket on the edge of her little house, on which she lay cheerfully.
Open the door and shout: Was the bath water boiling?
From the bathroom window can not see the moon, can only feel the moonlight, turn off the bathroom lights, open the glass.
No mooncakes, no drinks.
The mascot of the 2020 Dubai World Expo.
The 2020 Dubai World Expo mascot launch ceremony was held in Dubai, United Arab Emirates.
The mascot consists of six cartoon figures, including two UAE children, three flying robots, and a UAE bean tree.
Information about the six mascots was presented to the audience through video clips.
Rashid, a nine-year-old boy, and Latifa, an eight-year-old girl, are brothers and sisters representing the people of the United Arab Emirates.
The three robots correspond to the three sub-themes of the Expo, with blue robots representing "mobility," green robots representing "sustainability" and yellow robots representing "opportunity."
An ancient bean-herd tree, named Salama, is the "old grandmother" of the five Little Guys, symbolizing the ancestors who guarded the land.
Mr Ahmed, chairman of the Dubai Expo High-Level Committee, said the mascots could strengthen the emotional ties between the event and the participants, "believing that the mascots of the Dubai Expo will convey the traditional spirit of storytelling, showcase the creativity of local talent and express our ambitions and expectations."
The ceremony was attended by the Vice-President and Prime Minister of the United Arab Emirates, Sheikh Mohammed of Dubai, Crown Prince Hamdan of Dubai, the State Minister for International Cooperation of the United Arab Emirates and the Director of the Dubai World Expo Bureau, Liam Hashemi.
The Dubai World Expo will be held in Dubai from 20 October 2020 to 10 April 2021 under the theme "Communication for the Future."
This will be the first time the Expo will be held in the Middle East.
Starting next year, Chinese students can apply for undergraduate studies in Germany on the basis of their entrance examination results
Starting in 2020, Chinese high school graduates will be able to apply directly to German universities for undergraduate degrees on the basis of their college entrance examination results, without first registering at a domestic university, the German database Anabin, which evaluates and certifies academic qualifications abroad, announced on its website.
Prior to this, Chinese high school graduates who wanted to apply to German universities had to study for one semester (211,985 undergraduates) or three semesters (general undergraduates) at home and pass the APS or TestAS examinations.
The release of the new rules may save at least half a year for Chinese students wishing to study in Germany.
It is understood that the new regulation will come into effect in the second half of 2019.
Applicants are required to complete 12 years of formal compulsory education, obtain a high school diploma, take the Common Entrance Examination (CEE) and the National College Entrance Examination (NCEE) with a score of 70% or more (or 525 or more if the total score is 750), and have completed two languages and a mathematics or natural sciences degree.
In addition, the specific professional requirements for college entrance examination results are not the same.
For example, for medical, dental, veterinary, and pharmaceutical majors, the college entrance examination must include at least two subjects in mathematics, physics, chemistry, biology, or a science course; for law majors, the college entrance examination must include at least two subjects in foreign languages, history, geography, or a liberal arts course.
According to incomplete statistics, there are a number of countries including Germany, the United Kingdom, Canada, Australia and other recognized China's college entrance examination results.
In the United Kingdom, for example, universities such as Cambridge, Birmingham and Leicester accept Chinese students to study on the basis of their entrance examination results.
Military "robot dogs" take acting lessons first Sun Theater: Consider being included in the lineup.
The U. S. military has funded the development of "machine dogs" for the battlefield, and may now be the first on the circus stage!
The Sun Circus said it was in talks with Boston Dynamics, the company that developed the robot, about the feasibility of using it in circus performances.
Boston Dynamics announced Thursday that a four-legged robot, Spot, is an agile mobile robot that can weigh up to 14 kg, has a high degree of mobility adapted to cross-country terrain, 360-degree obstacle avoidance, navigation, remote control and autonomy.
In particular, Spot has a proprietary software platform specifically developed for Spot, which allows users to customize the capabilities of the Spot robot through a variety of applications.
The idea of a robotic dog was first published by Boston Dynamics in 1992, which was a sensation at the time, but has not yet been used commercially.
Boston Dynamics, however, noted that Spot is now in the mass-produced stage, with subscriptions dominated by construction and energy companies.
The circus is also in talks with Boston-based Power Technologies Inc. The circus said the project is still in the conceptual stages and is evaluating the potential of Spot for use in live performances.
State Council Press Office Releases White Paper on China and the World in a New Era
On the occasion of the 70th anniversary of the founding of the People's Republic of China, the Press Office of the State Council released a white paper entitled "China and the World in a New Era."
Xu Lin, Vice-Minister of Communications and Director of the State Council's Information Office, said the white paper would systematically describe China's development achievements, paths and trends, and elaborate in-depth on China's relations with the world, focusing on such issues as "where China has come from and where it is heading," "what kind of world China is pushing to build" and "how a developing China is getting along with the world," with a view to enhancing the international community's knowledge and understanding of China's development.
The White Paper noted that over the past 70 years, under the leadership of the Communist Party of China (CPC), China has undergone tremendous changes that have created a development miracle unprecedented in human history, in particular the historic achievements and changes in China's development since the 18th National Congress of the CPC.
Through a great deal of data and facts, the white paper describes the great achievements, significance and contributions of China's development over the past 70 years.
The White Paper noted that in decades, China has completed the centuries-long process of development that developed countries have gone through, and its economy has leapt to the second-largest in the world, with nearly 1.4 billion people lifting themselves out of material shortages and achieving overall well-being and enjoying unprecedented dignity and rights.
The white paper emphasized that, over the past 70 years, the Chinese people have built a new world by starting from scratch, self-reliance and hard work; that, over the past 70 years, China has developed in contact and interaction with the world, embracing the world, learning from it and contributing to it; and that, over the past 70 years, while achieving self-development, China has contributed to world peace and injected dynamism into the common development of all countries.
The White Paper noted that the success of China's development over the past 70 years was rooted in the fact that, under the leadership of the Communist Party of China, the Chinese people had found the right path to socialism with Chinese characteristics and had steadfastly followed it.
The White Paper emphasizes that the road of socialism with Chinese characteristics is a road that is established in the light of national conditions, that puts the interests of the people first, that is a road of reform and innovation, that seeks common development in openness and that governs the country in all respects according to law.
China's development path, in line with China's national conditions and in keeping with the requirements of the times, will increasingly show bright development prospects as the times progress.
In response to the international community's concerns about China's development, the White Paper emphasized that achieving national prosperity, national rejuvenation and people's well-being was both the dream of the Chinese people and the common dream of all peoples.
The White Paper points out that China is the main stabilizer and engine of world economic growth, openness to the outside world creates more opportunities for the development of all countries, China provides more public goods to the international community, and China's development provides other developing countries with experience and lessons learned.
In the face of the age-old question of "what is the world and what is humankind doing," the White Paper points out that the world today is in a state of unprecedented change and that human society is full of both hope and challenge.
China has proposed the establishment of a common destiny for mankind, opening up a new development path of win-win cooperation, building and sharing, and providing a new choice for human development.
The White Paper calls on all countries to unite in building a new type of international relations, promoting a new type of economic globalization, safeguarding the international system with the United Nations at its core, promoting the exchange of civilizations and learning from each other, and working together to build a common destiny for humanity and a better world.
With China's increasing development, the international community is generally concerned about how the developing country can get along with the world.
The White Paper points out that China's development cannot be separated from the world, and that the world's peaceful development, prosperity and stability cannot be separated from China.
China has always placed its own development in the coordinate system of human development, adhered to win-win cooperation and common development, upheld and promoted economic globalization, actively developed global partnerships, firmly supported multilateralism, safeguarded international fairness and justice, promoted the development of the "one belt, one road" and high development, actively participated in leading the reform and construction of the global governance system, and has always been a builder of world peace, a contributor to global development and a defender of international order.
At present, China's development has entered a new era.
The White Paper points out that in the new era, China will not change its determination to follow the path of socialism with Chinese characteristics, to learn from and cooperate with other countries in a win-win manner and to work hand in hand with the rest of the world.
The White Paper concludes by stating that in today's world, the future and destiny of nations have never been so closely linked.
China and the World in a New Era, a white paper composed of a foreword, a text and an epilogue, contains more than 29,000 words.
The White Paper is published in eight languages: Chinese, English, French, Russian, German, Spanish, Arabic and Japanese.
Does MCA stand in the by-election for the state council seat in Denver?
MCA president Dato 'Seri Wei Jiaxiang: "The Supreme Council of the Communist Party of China discuss!"
With a by-election for Thandumbiai's seat looming, it is a matter of concern whether the MCA, a member party of Barisan Nasional, will take up the traditional seat.
However, after a meeting of the MCA Central Committee, it was announced that the Supreme Council of Barisan Nasional would decide whether the traditional MCA seat should continue to be allocated to the MCA or be replaced by another member party.
After chairing a meeting of the MCA Central Committee Thursday afternoon, Wei told the media that any by-election would be conducted in accordance with standard operating procedures, which require a meeting of the Supreme Council of the National Front before a decision can be made.
He said that since the Election Commission would not meet until next Monday (January) to finalize the by-election for the seat of Thandubyai, the Supreme Council of BN was expected to convene in early October.
Yesterday morning (26th), I also met with the Chairman of the National Front, Dato 'Seri Ahmadzahi, and we all agreed on the need to regain this seat from the League of Hope.
"We are scheduled to convene a special RUF leadership meeting in early October, at which the RUF three-party leaders will determine which member party will take part."
Inquiring whether MCA would insist on taking the traditional seat on the National Front Supreme Council, Wei reiterated that, as MCA president, he must act in accordance with standard operating procedures and that any decision must be made by consensus of the National Front.
"In any by-election, it is common for people to be willing to go, for there are parties, for there is a certain side that thinks they should go," he said.
"The most important thing is, from what organizations and political alliances do we come?
"It's a great test of our years of forming a political coalition, and we believe that Barisan Nasional has come along with some valuable values," he said.
"It's not surprising that someone might say something in the process," he said.
"However, once the Supreme Council of the National Front has made a decision, it is most valuable that everyone prepares for war with all their might."
In any event, Wei said, MCA will work at three levels, namely the District Council, the State Board and the Central Committee, to prepare for the upcoming by-election.
"The regional councils will be headed by Governor (Dandubyai) Sly Wong-il, Chairman of the Regional Council; the state boards will be headed by Governor Lin Pei-hing, Acting Chairman of the Juzhou Board; and the central committees will be deployed by Governor (Acting) Ma Han-shun and Secretary (General) Zhang Sheng-wen."
Governor Mohammad Ali, a member of Parliament from the indigenous Unity Party of Thandumbiai, died at the age of 42 from a heart attack at the Tunjan Government Hospital on Saturday.
A villager in Baokang County, Hubei Province, was ordered to "compulsorily patrol the mountains" for hunting wildlife
A villager in Baokang County, Hubei Province, was sentenced for hunting wildlife and ordered to pay 15,420 yuan (RMB) in damages to ecological resources and the environment.
Due to the indigence of the defendant's family, procuratorial organs used alternative labor to compensate for the cost of ecological restoration, thus achieving the organic unification of legal and social effects.
Wang Zhongliang, deputy chief prosecutor of Baokang County Public Prosecutor's Office, said the defendant Zhou had developed deep feelings with wild macaques and blamed himself for his predatory behavior through three months of "compulsory mountain patrol" and other alternative labor.
On June 21, this year, Baokang County Public Prosecutor's Office filed a criminal incidental civil prosecution in the field of ecological resources, in the county court public hearing and sentencing in court.
The defendant, Zhou Mou, was sentenced to three years' imprisonment, suspended for four years, and fined 3,000 yuan, while ordering him to pay 15,420 yuan for the restoration of ecological resources and environmental damage.
According to the investigation, Zhou began to set up a power grid on the cliffs in late January 2014 and hunted more than 20 wildlife, including antelope, suede and deer.
Speckled antelope belongs to the second level of national endangered wildlife conservation, small suede, hairy crown deer are listed as the National Land Wildlife Conservation List.
During the court hearing, Zhou admitted his wrongful facts and acts, and willing to bear the incidental civil liability.
However, considering the poor economic situation of Zhou's family, under the coordination of the Baokang County Public Prosecutor's Office, the local village committee, forestry station and Zhou reached an agreement on alternative labor compensation for ecological restoration expenses: That is, Zhou provided public welfare services to compensate for ecological restoration expenses by carrying out domestication and management work, compulsory mountain patrol and forest protection in the village's macaque reserve for one year.
The court accepted the prosecutor's recommendation and agreed to commit Zhou to a suspended sentence while actively fulfilling the obligation of "alternative labour to compensate for the cost of ecological restoration."
At present, Zhou has been in the monkey sanctuary 3 months of compulsory labor, active mountain patrol, good performance.
In recent years, Baokang County Public Prosecutor's Office has integrated procuratorial functions and social governance behaviors into practice, scientifically applied procuratorial suggestions, investigative supervision and litigation supervision to minimize the damage to the ecological environment caused by criminal acts by judicial means.
United Nations Earthguard Award for Ant Forest
In the warm applause and magnificent music, the ant forest project leader Xu Di and user representative Shen Junliang stepped onto the podium to receive the trophy of the 2019 United Nations Champions of the Earth Award from the moderator.
At the 2019 Earthguard Awards ceremony in New York City, the Ant Forest project, which uses mobile phone apps to engage hundreds of millions of people in environmental activism, was awarded the Incentive and Action Award.
A week ago, the United Nations Environment Programme announced the winners at its headquarters in Nairobi, Kenya, but the ceremony remained an emotional one.
In an interview with Xinhua News Agency, the Executive Director of the United Nations Environment Programme, Ying E. Annan, said the ant forest was an exciting innovation that enabled hundreds of millions of people to act to understand the environmental challenges facing humanity and what humanity can do for the environment.
It will have a tremendous impact by connecting people and their environments with technology, allowing each individual to participate in actions to protect the planet.
Launched in August 2016 by China's Ant Financial Services Group ( ant gold suit), AntForest allows users to save "green energy" and "plant trees" on their mobile phones by recording their daily green trips, paying for utilities online and other low-carbon actions in AntForest.
For each virtual tree that users develop, Ant Forest and its public-interest partners plant a real tree in a desertified area.
As of August this year, 500 million "ant forest" users have reduced cumulative carbon emissions by 7.92 million tons and planted 122 million trees in desertified areas.
The President of Costa Rica, Carlos Alvarado, who received the award for his country's environmental efforts at the Earthguard Awards on the same day, praised Ant Forest's contributions as "impressive in inspiring so many people to take part in green action."
The Champions of the Earth award is a recognition of the Ant Forest project, said Kendong Ii, chairman and chief executive officer of Ant Gold.
Technology and open platforms made it possible for everyone to participate in a low-carbon life, an honour that belonged to all participants.
He said the ant forests had affected 500 million people over the past three years and that the goal of the ant forests over the next three years was to engage 1 billion people worldwide in low-carbon actions.
While combating desertification and protecting the environment, they are also exploring ways to increase farmers' incomes from green mountains and waters.
In addition to providing employment through tree planting, it hopes to help farmers increase their incomes through agricultural development projects and e-commerce platforms.
The digital technology-based public-interest environmental model created by Ant Forest has also been successfully replicated in other countries.
In June, GCash, the largest e-wallet in the Philippines, launched the Philippine version of Ant Forest, encouraging Filipino users to better protect the environment through a low-carbon lifestyle.
GCash plans to plant 365,000 trees in the Philippines within a year of the project's launch, in partnership with the Department of Environment and Natural Resources of the Philippines and environmental groups.
The Champions of the Earth Award, the highest United Nations award in the field of environmental protection, is presented annually.
The ant forest won the "Incentive and Action Award" for the third consecutive year for a green innovation project from China, following the project of "Thousand Village Demonstration and Ten Thousand Village Remediation" in Zhejiang Province, which was built by China's Sehanba Forestry Project.
Economic and trade frictions affect the U.S. economy "report card."
Us GDP growth slowed sharply from the previous quarter as a result of a sharp decline in private-sector investment and exports, according to the U.S. economic "report card" for the second quarter.
Analysts said trade frictions and uncertainty were the main reasons for the decline in private-sector investment and exports in the second quarter.
The final revised figures, released by the Commerce Department on Monday, showed annualized GDP growth of 2% in the second quarter, the same as the revised figures, but significantly lower than the 3.1% rise in the first quarter.
Data show that consumption growth was the main factor underpinning US growth in the second quarter.
Personal consumption spending, which accounts for about 70 per cent of the U.S. economy, rose by 4.6 per cent in the quarter-to-quarter cycle, driving growth by 3.03 percentage points.
Moreover, government consumption expenditure and investment boosted economic growth by 0.82 percentage points.
However, private-sector investment fell 6.3 per cent in the second quarter from the previous quarter, dragging down growth by 1.16 percentage points; exports fell 5.7 per cent from the previous quarter, and net exports dragged down growth by 0.68 percentage points.
Barry Knap, managing partner at Ainside Macroeconomic Consulting, said private-sector investment had not only failed to maintain last year's growth momentum, but had declined sharply, as rising economic friction and uncertainty had hit business confidence.
Under the influence of policy uncertainty, capital expenditure by U. S. companies is expected to remain in a downward trend next year, according to Mr. Knap.
Analysts believe that while consumer growth strongly supported the U.S. economy in the second quarter, there are increasing signs that trade frictions and the uncertainty they create have affected consumer confidence and have had a negative impact on the U.S. consumer outlook.
Richard Curtin, a professor of economics at the University of Michigan, who led the survey, said in a recent survey 38 percent of consumers made spontaneous reference to the negative impact of tariffs on the U.S. economy, the highest percentage in a year and a half.
Analysts are generally of the view that the U. S. economy will continue to slow.
But experts also said the performance of the U.S. industrial sector and financial markets would improve if trade frictions were eased.
The U.S. economy is expected to continue its downward trend this year and grow at a slower pace than in the second quarter, according to global economist Kathleen Birch of the think tank The Economist Intelligence Unit.
Mark Zandi, chief economist at Moody's Analytica, predicts that the U.S. economy will grow by 2.3% this year and slow further to 1.6% next year, assuming economic frictions do not escalate.
Ellen Hatzen, investment manager at Patnam Investments, noted that the biggest concern for companies today is trade disputes and the uncertainty they create, and that if trade disputes were resolved, uncertainty would be greatly reduced and the performance of the industry sector would be much better than it is now.
Matt Melly, equity strategist at Miller-Tabac Asset Management, said trade frictions remained the "first priority" and the main cause of the volatility in U.S. capital markets this year, and whether they were properly addressed would be the key to the direction of U.S. capital markets for the rest of the year.
The first joint parental leave for couples in Ningxia will be 10 days a year for parents of children aged 0 to 3
Safeguarding the legitimate rights and interests of women is an expression of respect for and protection of human rights and an important sign of the progress of social civilization.
On September 27, at the fifteenth session of the Standing Committee of the Twelfth National People's Congress of the Ningxia Hui Autonomous Region, the Regulations on the Protection of the Rights and Interests of Women in the Ningxia Hui Autonomous Region were adopted by a high vote.
This is Ningxia's first provincial-level comprehensive and systematic local regulation on safeguarding the legitimate rights and interests of women, which will be formally implemented on 1 November 2019.
It is understood that the Regulations adopted at this time were revised on the basis of the Measures for the Implementation of the Law of the People's Republic of China on the Protection of the Rights and Interests of Women in Ningxia in 2007.The Regulations are divided into 9 chapters and 65 articles, including general provisions, political rights, cultural and educational rights, labour and social security rights, property rights, personal rights, marital and family rights, legal responsibilities and by-laws.
In the Regulations, Ningxia encourages the exploration and implementation of joint parental leave for couples, which is the first of its kind in the country.
In April this year, the State Council Office issued the Guiding Opinions on Promoting the Development of Child Care Services for Children Under 3 Years of Age, which describes joint parenting for couples.
In the process of amending the Regulations, Ningxia has innovated by proposing that "Employers are encouraged to grant each spouse ten days of joint parental leave per year for children between the ages of 0 and 3 years to couples who have children in accordance with the laws and regulations."
At the same time, the Regulation highlights the protection against sexual harassment and female minors.
Article 43 of the Regulations incorporates the latest legislative achievements in China's current codification of human rights in the Civil Code, and details the constituent elements of sexual harassment, the subjects and mechanisms for combating sexual harassment.
Article 44 of the Ordinance, which explicitly prohibits the frequent occurrence of sexual abuse of girls and requires educational institutions to carry out related education, protection and prevention work, is a new benchmark for the protection of girls in local legislation.
With regard to women's right to know and dispose of the common property of a married family, article 35 of the Regulations clearly stipulates women's right to know about the common property and the obligations of property registration agencies and related subjects, providing solid institutional support for women's rights.
Furthermore, in response to the social hotspot of gender discrimination in employment, article 26 of the Regulations prohibits not only direct discrimination but also indirect discrimination, and incorporates the recent experience of joint interviewing practices to strengthen the punishment of offences of gender discrimination and to better defend women's legitimate rights and interests.
In recent years, the Joint Public Prosecution and Law Division of the Ningxia Women's Union and civil affairs departments have promoted and introduced social professional forces to mediate marital and family conflicts and work against domestic violence, with remarkable results.
The Regulations summarize and promote this, and a number of laws and regulations encourage the mobilization of social forces and the accumulation of social resources to jointly safeguard women's rights and interests, and require people's governments at and above the county level to provide stable and institutional safeguards and support, including through the purchase of services.
Academician Yuan Longping of the Xing'an League of Inner Mongolia works station salt-tolerant rice yields 1,000 jin of rice per mu
Reporters 27 from the Inner Mongolia Autonomous Region Xin'an League Administration Office, Li Li recently held "Xing'an League Yuan Longping academician work station salinity-tolerant rice on-site yield measurement and acceptance of the evaluation council" good news, salinity-tolerant rice yields an average of 1,000 jin of rice.
A team of six experts from Heilongjiang Academy of Agricultural Sciences, Yangzhou University and Hunan Provincial Agricultural and Rural Affairs Department sampled and harvested rice from the "Xing salt series."
After expert evaluation, the average rice yield of saline-tolerant rice per mu was 508.8 kg on land with pH of 8.8 to 9.6 and salinity content of 5 â€° to 6 â€°.
"Our next plan is to innovate and reform on the basis of this year's experiments, and to re-cultivate and optimize salt-tolerant rice varieties so as to achieve better quality and higher yields," said Wang Shigang, director of the workstation of Yuan Longping, a fellow of the Xing'an League.
"On the premise that the factors of production remain unchanged, I believe that we will continue to strengthen our scientific and technological efforts and that salt-tolerant rice will continue to do wonders on the salt-alkali soil," said Lai Yongcai, a researcher and deputy director of the Heilongjiang Agricultural Sciences Academy and head of the production measurement team.
Xing'an League belongs to the southern foothills of the Great Xing'an Mountains concentrated in a series of special hardship areas.
In October 2018, Yuan Longping's work station was unveiled at the Xing'an League.
Academician Yuan Longping led a team of experts to speed up the introduction and promotion of the newly bred "salinity-tolerant hybrid rice" varieties and advanced technologies, and to build a 960-acre salt-tolerant rice base at the right-wing center flag of Qingqin.
The on-site yield measurement of salt-tolerant rice not only provides hope for the upgrading of medium and low-yielding paddy fields to medium and high-yielding paddy fields in Xing'an League, but also provides scientific basis for the cultivation of paddy in salt-alkali areas under the same conditions in China.
After a marathon of debates and weeks of protests, Australia's new state passed legislation legalizing abortion on September 26, AFP reported.
It is reported that the bill has sparked political debate over the past eight weeks and that there have been serious divisions within the Liberal Party of Australia since independent MP Greenwich announced the introduction of the bill.
After nearly 40 hours of discussion, the Senate passed the bill by 26 votes to 14, making it the third longest-running bill in the Senate.
On the morning of the 26th, after a final vote in the New State House of Representatives, abortion was legalized in the new state.
The Act allows a woman to terminate her pregnancy at the 22nd week of pregnancy and to have an abortion later in the pregnancy if two doctors agree.
The Senate passed an amendment on the evening of the 25th that would allow doctors to seek advice from a multidisciplinary team of hospital advisory boards before performing an abortion on a woman who is 22 weeks pregnant.
In addition, the amendments passed by the Senate included the requirement that doctors must provide appropriate care for surviving infants after termination of pregnancy.
Earlier, the new governor, Beryl Glynn, had faced public criticism from conservatives on the bill, and she had intervened several times to gain more debate time for the bill, but did not attend the final vote.
"I need to spend time running the new state," she said in defense of her absence.
Liberal MP John Davis, who was one of the strongest opponents of the abortion bill, has threatened to withdraw from the new state government and called it a "government crisis."
But then Davis made concessions.
"The amendments to the legalization of abortion bill that were tabled in the House of Representatives on the morning of the 26th actually provide more protection for women and doctors," Davis said.
Meanwhile, the leader of Australia's new state National Party, Barry Laro, said he was proud to be part of a government that legalized abortion.
"What we achieved last night is historic for the new state. It legalizes abortion, it is no longer a crime, and it does not treat women who have abortions as criminals," he said.
Three major projects of the Group are located in Zhuzhou.
A total investment of 15 billion yuan, the key development of oil intelligent equipment, intelligent steel industry.
Today, the Zhuzhou City People's Government and the Trinity Group held the signing ceremony of the project.
The Group has invested 15 billion yuan to develop industrial projects in Zhuzhou such as intelligent steel industry, petroleum intelligent equipment and regional R & D center (headquarters base), and second-hand vehicle market for engineering machinery.
With a total investment of 10 billion yuan, the 33rd Smart Steel Industry Project is located in Ho Tong District, which will be the largest steel and products trading centre in the province and the central region. It will also be the Smart Manufacturing and Processing Centre of the 31st Group Metal Structures. The 5 billion yuan Oil Smart Equipment and Regional Research and Development Centre (Headquarters Base) project will be located in Clear Water Pond and will focus on the construction of an oil smart equipment production base and the establishment of a regional research and development centre and headquarters base.
At the same time, the Group will also build a second-hand vehicle market for engineering machinery in the Auto Show Park of Zhuzhou High-technology Zone, developing practical cooperation in such areas as intelligent manufacturing.
Zhuzhou City attaches great importance to cooperation with the Trinity Group.
The city listed the cooperation project as the "project No.1" of this year's city-wide investment attraction.The party secretary Mao Tengfei and mayor Yang Weiguo took the lead, set up a special coordination group, efficient docking, high-level advancement, the whole three-one group settled Zhuzhou development to provide high-quality and efficient services, from the intention of contact to the formal signing of the cooperation agreement, less than 100 days before and after.
Minister of Finance Liu Kun: 67 central enterprises and financial institutions have transferred 860.1 billion yuan of state capital to strengthen the Social Security Fund.
To date, 67 central enterprises and central financial institutions have completed transferring some state-owned capital to strengthen social security funds, bringing the total transferred state-owned capital to about 860.1 billion yuan, Finance Minister Liu Kun said on Tuesday.
Liu Kun made the above-mentioned statement at the task deployment meeting on transferring part of the state-owned capital to strengthen the social security fund, which was jointly convened by the Ministry of Finance, the Ministry of Human Resources and Social Security and the State Capital Commission on the same day.
"The transfer of part of the state-owned capital to enrich the social security fund is an important initiative to reform and improve the basic old-age insurance system, a full reflection of the achievements of the development of state-owned enterprises for all and the intergenerational equity of the basic old-age insurance system, and a policy measure based on the present and taking into account the long-term perspective."
In 2017, the State Council issued the Implementation Programme for Transferring Some State-Owned Capital to Enrich the Social Security Fund, which requires selecting some central enterprises and some provinces to carry out pilot projects.
According to Liu Kun, the transfer of early work has achieved positive results.
At the central level, three batches of 67 central enterprises and central financial institutions have been transferred, bringing the total transferred state-owned capital to about 860.1 billion yuan.
Among them, the transfer of central financial institutions from the Ministry of Finance to fulfil the responsibilities of contributors has been largely completed.
The transfer of central enterprises has reached a certain scale.
At the local level, the early stage of enterprise transfer has been carried out successively.
By the end of 2018, the pilot projects in Zhejiang and Yunnan provinces had basically been completed, transferring 15.8 billion yuan and 18.5 billion yuan of state-owned capital, respectively.
In addition to the pilot provinces, other provinces have carried out the pre-transition preparation work, laying the foundation for the next step of carrying out the transfer.
According to a joint circular issued by the Ministry of Finance, the Ministry of Human Resources and Social Security, the State Administration of Finance, the General Administration of Taxation and the CSRC, the transfer of some state-owned capital from central to local governments to strengthen social security funds will be fully launched in 2019 and will be completed by 2020.
At the meeting held on the same day, a specific deployment was made for the full roll-out.
It was emphasized that the transfer should be carried out in a pragmatic and efficient manner.
According to the schedule, the transfer will be substantially completed by 2020.
Transfer work time is tight, the task is heavy. "
Liu said that all regions and departments should carefully organize and arrange to ensure that the transfer work is completed in accordance with the requirements; push forward the work and grasp the contents of the transfer policy accurately; and strengthen communication and coordination to resolve difficult issues in a timely manner.
Transfer of state funds to strengthen social security funds - Starting with "Strengthening the Social Security Fund Moneybag," the goal is to provide strong support for old-age security.
However, the author believes that this is not a simple equity "physical displacement," but a "mathematical addition."
On September 20, the Ministry of Finance, the Ministry of Human Rights and Social Welfare, the State Capital Commission, the General Administration of Taxation and the CSRC jointly issued the "Notice on the Comprehensive Opening of the Work of Transferring Parts of State-owned Capital for the Enrichment of Social Security Funds," clarifying the timetable for transferring state-owned capital for social security funds, i.e., the central and local transfers of part of state-owned capital for the enrichment of social security funds will be fully opened in 2019.
Following the publication of the document, the Ministry of Finance and other departments implemented very quickly.
On September 25, the Ministry of Finance transferred 10% of ICBC and Agricultural Bank shares to the Social Security Fund, with a total value of more than $115 billion.
According to the regulations, social security foundations and other undertaking entities, as financial investors, enjoy the right to income, disposal and knowledge of state-owned shares.
ICBC and Agricultural Bank said in the announcement that the equity changes will not lead to the Bank's controlling shareholders and actual controllers of the change.
In this respect, the author thinks that the similar transfer of state-owned shares is not a simple change of ownership, but can stimulate a series of effects of "addition operation."
The first step of transferring some state-owned funds to social security is "adding results," which can naturally reflect the ownership of all state-owned enterprises and the sharing of development results.
After many years of reform and development, state-owned enterprises, especially central enterprises, are mostly in important industries and fields in China's economy, and their overall profitability is strong and stable.
Among them, the leading enterprises are continuously achieved to do a great deal to do better.
On July 10, the Standing Committee of the State Council decided to start the work of transferring part of the state-owned capital to enrich the Social Security Fund in an all-round way this year.
The Ministry of Finance immediately said it would work with relevant departments, in accordance with the deployment of the Standing Committee of the State Council, to fully open up and transfer some state-owned capital to enrich the social security fund, fully reflecting the intergenerational equity of the basic pension insurance system and the results of the development of state-owned enterprises to be shared by all.
The second step of the transfer, the addition result, is to strengthen the sustainability of China's social security funds and further consolidate the foundation of the old-age social security system.
With the aging of the population, China's social security funds are under pressure, and this time as the transferred main body of state capital, most of the profits and dividends can not only effectively supplement the social security funds, but also provide a source of live water for the social security funds.
Some calculations show that each transfer of 3.8 percentage points of state-owned capital, enterprises can support the basic pension insurance contribution rate reduced by 1 percentage point.
The third step of the transfer, "adding results," is to add stabilizers to capital markets.
This transferred to receive the main body of the way is "the main dividends, operation as a supplementary."
Social security funds, as financial investors of state-owned capital, do rely mainly on earnings from equity dividends.
However, social security funds, as value investors in capital markets, have a strong capability of capital operation.
As for listed assets in state-owned capital, the participation of social security funds in shareholding will further optimize the corporate governance structure of listed enterprises, promote enterprises' operational level, and have a positive impact on listed companies and capital markets.
At the same time, the social security fund as the investment trend, the enhancement of equity ownership is conducive to further strengthen its influence in the market, and plays a "stabilizer" role in the market.
In addition, it is also conducive to give full play to the "value discovery" function of institutional investors, guide investors to rational investment, value investment.
At the age of 18, Hartman was admitted to the Leipzig Conservatory of Music, where he studied at Webern.
After the Nazis came to power, Hartmann resisted by not publishing in Germany, and later even stopped writing.
In 1933, he composed Symphony Passion and dedicated it to "My Sleeping Friends."
The symphony premiered in Prague in 1935, but was harassed by Nazi bureaucrats.
Hartmann was determined not to play any of his works under Nazi rule.
Hartmann's funeral concerto, a violin and string concerto, was first performed in Switzerland when the manuscript was stolen from Germany.
Listen to the funeral concerto by the Bern Chamber Orchestra at the 2018 Beethoven Festival.
U.S. Senate approves Sculley as Labor Secretary - Official website
Washington, September 26 (Xinhua) - The United States Senate voted on President Donald Trump's nomination of Eugene Scalia as Labor Secretary on September 26.
The vote was 53 to 44, with no Democrats voting in favour of Scalia.
Republicans say Mr Scalia's curriculum vitae makes him ideally suited to become labor secretary.
But in the eyes of Democrats, Scalia has long stood in opposition to workers and trade unions in his career as a lawyer.
Scalia will succeed Alexander Acosta.
In July, under intense public pressure, then-Labour Secretary Gloria Macapagal-Ar Costa announced her resignation after being accused of "leniency" over the alleged sexual assault and trafficking of teenage girls by US billionaire Geoffrey Epstein.
Scalia, 56, is a partner in a prominent U.S. law firm and the son of former U.S. Supreme Court Justice Antonin Scalia.
The Department of Labor is the cabinet-level department of the United States federal government responsible for labor-related matters.
The White House also issued a statement the same day that Trump has nominated the Federal Emergency Response Agency Acting Director Peter Geithner to officially lead the agency.
According to the procedure, Geithner's nomination must also be approved by the Senate of Congress.
The Federal Emergency Management Agency (FEMA) is an agency of the United States Department of Homeland Security that coordinates federal government resources for emergency response to natural disasters and terrorist attacks in the United States.
Since the 35th anniversary of the National Day parade was first unveiled, every time a parade is organized, there will be a strategic missile force's "big no-hegemony" square.
"The National Day parade is the first time rocket forces have appeared on Chang'an Street since the 'military' changed into 'military'."
Wang Bo, head of the Rocket Corps Equipment Command Group, said.
The guided missile units undergoing the parade fully developed a spirit of special hardship, special fighting ability and special dedication.The troops undergoing the parade were thoroughly trained and scientifically organized.
In this parade training, both generals and soldiers, strict standards are required, to forge a fierce, prohibition of the harsh style.
They also laid emphasis on promoting the spirit of craftsmanship, practising technology, perseverance and style in every detail, forming such characteristics as "strong military posture, quick movement and clear answers," continuously forging a square array of powerful missiles in a rigorous and solid style, and paying more attention to scientific and technological innovation.
The rocket army, as a high-tech strategic army, has a good tradition and advantages of emphasizing science and technology and innovation.
On the basis of their previous experience, they broke through the stereotype of thinking and traditional methods.They used advanced means such as satellite positioning, laser ranging, high-definition imaging and real-time speed measurement to improve the level of training and the quality and effectiveness of the training.
The rocket military parade troops adhere to the same standards and higher requirements of the parade ground and the launching ground, hold each gate close to each detail, so that the parade troops undergo hardening and hammering, so that the National Day parade ground becomes a training ground and examination ground to enhance the fighting power of the troops.
Iran Confirmed to Develop Advanced Centrifuge Further Suspends Iran's Nuclear Agreement
The United Nations International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA) said on Sunday that Iran has violated its nuclear agreement once again by using advanced centrifuges to enrich uranium, the Central News Agency reported.
Iran is reportedly gradually violating the limits of its nuclear deal in response to US President Donald Trump's withdrawal from the deal in May 2018 and the resumption and strengthening of sanctions against Iran.
Iran suspended two other commitments in July, to keep its stockpile of enriched uranium below 300 kg and its purity not to exceed 3.67 per cent, and has now moved further.
According to the nuclear agreement, Iran could only install about 5,000 first-generation IR-1 centrifuges at Natanz to accumulate enriched uranium, and only a small number of more advanced models were allowed to be used for research, but no enriched uranium was produced.
If Iran succeeds in developing a more advanced centrifuge, it will be able to produce enriched uranium several times faster, possibly for use in a nuclear bomb.
According to the report, the International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA) stated: "On 25 September, the Agency confirmed that advanced centrifuges developed by Iran for models 2 and 3... were accumulating or were ready to accumulate enriched uranium."
"They're busy at the [Natanz uranium enrichment] facility," a diplomatic official responded when the International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA) presented the report to member states on Monday.
The Vietnamese-Korean Investors and Entrepreneurs Association was officially unveiled.
Chen Hailing, president of the Association of Vietnamese Investors and Entrepreneurs, said VKBIA would work together to act as a bridge between the two countries.
The two countries are aiming to increase their two-way trade to $100 billion by 2020.
Mr. Chen Hailing believed that the Association's birth had been an important step towards achieving those goals.
He hoped that the Viet Nam Party, the Government and the relevant competent bodies in Korea would provide assistance for the future operation of the Association.
Vietnam's deputy ambassador to South Korea, Chen Changshui, said that VKBIA would create a good platform for Vietnamese and South Korean entrepreneurs to exchange and share experiences and ideas.
At the presentation ceremony, representatives of VKBIA signed a cooperation agreement with representatives of the Viet Nam Association of Farms and Agricultural Enterprises.
VKBIA was born on the occasion of the tenth anniversary of the establishment of the Strategic Partnership between Viet Nam and South Korea and against the backdrop of the two countries strengthening practical cooperation in the fields of diplomacy, defence, and security, and promoting trade and investment cooperation, with the goal of achieving $100 billion in two-way trade by 2020.
Italy's education minister has proposed a sugar tax to protect public health.
Lorenzo Fioramonti, education minister in Italy's new government and a member of the Five Star Movement, has tabled a motion in parliament proposing a new tax on sugary beverages, snacks and airline tickets.
According to reports, the Italian government will levy a snack tax on sugary beverages, snacks and other foods that are harmful to health, as well as an environmental tax on airline tickets of â‚¬1 for domestic flights and â‚¬1.5 for international flights, according to a bill proposed by Education Minister Giovanni Fioramonti.
Fioramonti said the Italian government expected to collect 3 billion euros in tax revenues from this seemingly small package.
The proceeds of this tax will be used in the areas of education, health and environmental protection.
In response, Italian Prime Minister Matteo Conte said he believed it was a feasible solution, while Italian parliamentarian and European Union leader Matteo Salvini tweeted sarcastically, "Please hurry up and hide desserts, biscuits, bread and candy because the new government is going to start levying snack taxes."
The report noted that the snack tax refers to sugary beverages, high-calorie food tax on a special tax.
The levying of the tax contributes to public health benefits.
On the evening of September 25 local time, the Chinese Embassy in Canada hosted a reception in Ottawa to celebrate the 70th anniversary of the founding of the People's Republic of China.
Ottawa, September 26 (Reuters) - China's new ambassador to Canada, Cong Peiwu, hosted a reception in Ottawa on the evening of September 25 to celebrate the 70th anniversary of the founding of the People's Republic of China.
In his speech, Cong Pei-wu said that in the 70 years since the founding of New China, under the strong leadership of the Communist Party of China and the concerted efforts of the Chinese people, the cause of socialism with Chinese characteristics had achieved remarkable achievements that had not only profoundly changed the face of China, benefited its people, but also had far-reaching global significance.
Based on its own national conditions, China has pioneered a path of socialism with Chinese characteristics, expanded the way for developing countries to modernize, and contributed to the solution of human problems with Chinese wisdom and Chinese programmes.
The picture shows the participants stopping to watch a photo exhibition on the theme of the 70th Anniversary of New China.
Cong Peiwu said that China has created a rare miracle in the history of world human development and made an important contribution to promoting world peace and development.
China adheres to an independent foreign policy of peace, has always advocated the five principles of peaceful coexistence as the core of the basic norms of international relations, and is a builder of world peace, a contributor to global development and a defender of international order.
The development of China has provided new opportunities for the development of all countries in the world, including Canada, benefiting all peoples.
Mr. Cong emphasized that the nearly 50 years of development of China-Canada relations had shown that only by upholding the principles of equality and mutual respect could the two countries' relations move forward on the right track.
Conversely, relations between the two countries would be frustrated and their interests undermined.
At present, China-Canada relations are experiencing serious difficulties, and the responsibility lies not with China.
The bell is still ringing.
We hope that Canada will soon come up with appropriate solutions to the outstanding issues in bilateral relations, so as to create conditions for the two countries to return to normal relations.
More than 700 guests attended the reception, including government officials, federal senators, friends from all walks of life, ambassadors to Canada, and representatives of overseas Chinese, Chinese-funded institutions and overseas students.
Chinese Embassy officials Chen Mingjian and Heng Xiaojun attended the reception.
The ceremony featured a photo exhibition on the theme of the 70th anniversary of the founding of New China, along with promotional videos such as "China 2019" and "Beautiful China."
Chinese and Canadian artists and embassy diplomats performed distinctive cultural and artistic programmes.
It was also the first public appearance for the 16th Chinese ambassador to Canada, Wu Zhixin Congpei.
Cong Peiwu arrived in Canada on 22 September and delivered a copy of the letter of credentials the following day in Ottawa to Canada's Chief Protocol Officer and Chief of Protocol of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs, John Wheeler.
Born in May 1967, Cong Peiwu graduated from the Diplomatic Academy.
He was posted to the Chinese Embassy in Canada at the beginning of this century.
Prior to his trip to Canada, he was the head of the North America and Oceania Department of the Chinese Ministry of Foreign Affairs and had previously served as Minister Counsellor and Minister at the Chinese Embassy in the United Kingdom.
The city of Hanoi, Viet Nam, strives to expand cooperation with various parts of Laos
Mr. Nguyen De Chong recalled the meaningful exchange of visits of delegations between the two sides and affirmed that they had helped to nurture the special and friendly relations between the two countries that President Ho Chi Minh and Chairman Keshan Toyohn had aspired to.
Mr. Nguyen De Jong expressed the hope that Ambassador Thon Saphan would continue to serve as a bridge and link between Hanoi and the rest of Laos, including Vientiane.
Ambassador Tonsavan stated that Laos had learned from and drawn on Viet Nam's many successful experiences and had been impressed by the groundbreaking developments in Hanoi and Viet Nam in recent years.
Ambassador Tonsavan expressed his appreciation to the Hanoi Municipality for its strong support and assistance in the activities of the Lao Embassy in Viet Nam and expressed confidence that, despite the volatile global situation, relations between the two countries would continue to develop well.
It is expected that in early 2020, Mr. Nguyen De Jong will lead a working delegation from Hanoi city on a working visit to Vientiane, the capital of Laos.
From 2020 onwards, the city of Hanoi will offer a number of scholarships to Lao university students studying in various institutions of higher learning in Hanoi.
The Chinese Embassy in Indonesia and the ASEAN Embassy hosted the 70th Anniversary Reception.
On the evening of the 26th, the Chinese Embassy in Indonesia and the Chinese Embassy in ASEAN held a reception in Jakarta to celebrate the 70th anniversary of the founding of the People's Republic of China.
Indonesian Trade Minister Lu Keita, Minister of Land and Spatial Planning Sofian, ASEAN Deputy Secretary General Kang Fu and other guests attended the reception.
More than 1,000 guests attended the reception, including friends from all walks of life in Indonesia, representatives of missions and international organizations in Indonesia, representatives of overseas Chinese, Chinese-funded institutions and overseas students, and prize-winning children's drawings on the theme "I and China."
Xiao Qian, Ambassador of China to Indonesia and Huang Xilian, Ambassador to ASEAN, warmly welcomed the guests.
Speaking on behalf of the Chinese Embassy in Indonesia and the ASEAN Mission, Xiao said the birth of New China in 1949 opened a new era in China's history.
China has made progress from being closed and backward to being open, from being poor in clothing and food to being well off in all respects, and from being poor and weak to being prosperous, rich and strong.
Xiao said that in recent years, China-Indonesia relations have made great strides, with growing political mutual trust, sustained practical cooperation and comprehensive expansion of exchanges in all fields.
China-ASEAN relations have been steadily improving in quality, and have always upheld mutual respect, understanding, trust and support, thus vigorously promoting peace, stability and prosperous development in the region.
Xiao said the fundamental reason for the development of New China in the past 70 years is that the Chinese people, under the leadership of the Communist Party of China, have pioneered and developed the road of socialism with Chinese characteristics.
This road conforms to the trends of the times and China's national conditions, profoundly changes the destiny of the Chinese people and the Chinese nation, and contributes greatly to the peaceful development of the world and the region.
The picture shows the theme tour to celebrate the 70th anniversary of the founding of the People's Republic of China.
Xiao said China, along with Indonesia and ASEAN, will always work together to promote a new type of international relations and a common destiny for humanity, making new and greater contributions to bilateral, regional and global development.
All the guests watched a wonderful video reviewing 70 years of New China's glorious achievements and reflecting China-Indonesia, China-ASEAN relations.
The videos, which were divided into three parts: "China's achievements in development," "China-Indonesia relations are stable and far-reaching," and "China-ASEAN relations are being upgraded in quality," drew enthusiastic applause.
The reception also featured a "thematic tour celebrating the 70th anniversary of the founding of the People's Republic of China," which drew visitors to the venue.
Baidu's first self-driving taxi fleet starts trial operations
Yesterday, Baidu announced in Changsha, autopilot taxi team Robotaxi trial operation officially opened.
The first batch of 45 Apollo-Italy Red Flag "Red Flag EV" Robotaxi vehicles has been opened for testing in the Changsha section of the test run.
From now on, ordinary Changsha citizens can log on to Apollo's official website to apply to become seed users, and have the opportunity to try out the experience.
One experienced passenger said he sat in the back of the vehicle and clicked on the screen in front of the passenger's seat to activate the autopilot.
Within the vehicle, for the safety of passengers and current policy and regulations, the test-run vehicle is equipped with a safety officer in the driver's seat to maximize passenger safety.
In the course of driving, the vehicle can intelligently change lanes according to the road conditions, can also judge the driving conditions of the surrounding vehicles, to overtake the situation at close range and so on to make automatic avoidance.
Throughout the experience, the passenger area screen shows real-time road conditions on the pavement for pedestrians, cars, and even some traditional blind areas.
Even if the vehicle is blocked, you can see ahead of the traffic lights and wait time information, all the situation of the road at a glance.
Unmanned aerial vehicles have been heard on television before, thought it is far away from us, but today it is very magical to find it in our lives.
We look forward to its coming into the real life of the people in the future.
In June 2019, Apollo received a 45-carrier test license from the Changsha Municipality.
At present, the Changsha Autopilot Testing Open Road, which passes through the Artificial Intelligence Science and Technology City, Meixi Lake, Yanghu Lake, Dawangshan and the High-technology New Area of Changsha City, has a total length of 135 km and a demonstration area of 70 square kilometres, making it the longest road mileage, the largest area, the most complex scenes covered and the most advanced demonstration area for intelligent driving in China.
It is expected that by the end of 2019, the Apollo Robotaxi fleet will cover approximately 50 km of test-run roads in Changsha, with plans to cover 135 km of roads currently open in Changsha in the first half of 2020.
Lang Ping is still dissatisfied with the women's volleyball victory: It will be difficult to beat the strongest team with so many mistakes
The Chinese women's volleyball team hosted the ninth match of the 2019 FIVB Women's Volleyball World Cup in Beijing on the afternoon of 27 February 2019 against the strong Dutch women's volleyball team.
But after the women's volleyball coach Lang Ping still expressed dissatisfaction with the team's third inning performance.
"In the third inning, the other team was more aggressive in serving, and we were a bit off the bat and we made a lot of mistakes," he said.
"It's hard to play against a strong team with so many mistakes."
Lang Ping said in an interview after the match.
"We told our players to concentrate, to adjust our attacks if we weren't in position in a pass, and to play defensively with the other team," he said.
Lang Ping also commented on Zhang Changning's performance, saying she encountered some difficulties in the attack, more anxious, too want to hit the ball to death, action will distort.
Let's hope she's patient. "We'll all protect her."
China's development is an opportunity for the world, not a threat or a challenge.
White Paper: China's development is an opportunity for the world, not a threat or a challenge.
The White Paper points out that China's development is an opportunity for the world, not a threat or a challenge.
As China's combined national strength and international influence grows rapidly, some in the international community fear that China will follow the path of "state supremacy," while others argue for the so-called "China threat doctrine," the paper said.
This is a combination of cognitive misreading, deep-rooted bias, psychological imbalances resulting from power attrition, and deliberate distortions in order to preserve one's vested interests.
It is not only the dream of the Chinese people, but also the common dream of all peoples, to achieve national prosperity, national rejuvenation and people's happiness.
"China's development is an opportunity for the world, not a threat or a challenge."
The White Paper points out that China is the main stabilizer and power source of world economic growth, that China is the largest contributor to world economic growth, that China's scientific and technological innovation has injected new kinetic energy into world economic growth, and that the role of China's economy as a stabilizer and power source will become more prominent in the future.
At present, the world's economic growth momentum is insufficient, and a sound Chinese economy is becoming more and more important to the world.
China's economy is shifting from high-speed growth to high-quality development, with new types of industrialization, informatization, urbanization and agricultural modernization accelerated, the economic structure deeply adjusted, industrial optimization continuously upgraded and new economic growth points emerging.
A study by the McKinsey Global Institute concludes that by 2040, China's integration with the rest of the world economy is expected to generate between $22 trillion and $37 trillion in economic value, equivalent to 15-26 per cent of the global economy, and that stronger cooperation between the rest of the world and China will create enormous economic value.
The paper emphasizes that China's economy and the world economy have undergone structural changes and deep integration.
China, with a more stable economy, a higher quality of growth and a promising growth prospect, is a long-term good for the world economy.
It is neither feasible nor harmful to view China's economic development as a "threat" and a "challenge" and to try to push China out of global industrial chains, supply chains and value chains and decouple it from the world economy.
The White Paper points out that full-scale opening to the outside world creates more opportunities for countries to share the "China dividend."
China is firmly committed to a mutually beneficial and win-win strategy of opening up and achieving greater and higher levels of openness. China has the world's most potential consumer market, is the most attractive investment destination, and more countries will benefit from "going out" on a larger scale.
"Openness should be two-way, mutually beneficial, not one-way, one-sided.
Mutual benefit in both directions can be long-lasting. "
'China is committed to continuously expanding imports, liberalizing market access, improving the business environment and strengthening intellectual property protection, 'the paper said.
Only when all sides side by side can we create an open, inclusive, inclusive, balanced and win-win development environment and jointly make the "cake" of development bigger and bigger, thus forming a mutually beneficial and win-win community of interests.
The White Paper notes that China is providing more public goods to the international community.
This includes promoting high-quality joint construction of the Belt and Road, setting up platforms for multilateral dialogue and cooperation, actively participating in international and regional affairs and actively conducting foreign assistance.
"China has benefited from the international community in its development and has always given back to the international community to provide more and better public goods."
In a recent written interview with Xinhua News Agency, Andrei Slipniov, general manager of Russia's Export Center, said that Russia is ready to strengthen cooperation with China in the economic and trade fields, further optimize its export structure and promote the diversification of Russian exports to China.
He pointed out that forestry, machinery and chemical industries accounted for a large proportion of Russian exports to China, while agricultural exports were also important, including oil products, meat products and dairy products, as well as grains, fish and seafood.
In recent years, Russian exports of non-material and non-energy products to China have also shown good and stable development.
Talking about optimizing the structure of Russia's exports to China, Mr. Slipniov said Russia has set itself the task of expanding its exports of high-tech products to meet the demand for them from countries and regions around the world, including China.
Russia will continue to improve financial and non-financial support measures to promote a further increase in the number of high-tech enterprises.
He said Russia is willing to export construction technology and high-tech building materials to China and to develop cooperation with China in areas such as pharmaceuticals and aerospace manufacturing.
Russia and China also have great potential for cooperation in the field of urban environmental development.
He emphasized that Russia's products in many fields were "qualitatively superior and competitive in price" compared with their Western counterparts.
Turning to the two countries' goal of achieving $200 billion in bilateral trade by 2024, Mr. Slipniov said areas such as agriculture, machinery manufacturing, chemical industry and forestry would play an important role in achieving that goal.
The Russian side is interested in diversifying supply in these areas and promoting exports of deeply processed products.
He stressed that Russia intended to push its exporters into global value-added chains, of which China was one.
Russian manufacturers in the fields of agriculture, metallurgy, oil and gas, and chemicals are well placed to participate in this process.
At present, the two countries need to continue to deepen cooperation between enterprises, "forming more Russian-Chinese joint ventures and jointly developing exports to third countries."
Russian export centers, through the Russian Export Credit and Investment Insurance Agency and the Russian Export-Import Bank, are taking a variety of measures and services to support the export of Russian products to China, Mr. Slipniov said.
Meanwhile, the Russian Export Centre will continue to deepen cooperation with relevant Chinese departments to facilitate easier access of Russian goods to the Chinese market and develop new types of export products to China.
The number of financial institutions using the renminbi to make payments has grown significantly worldwide.
According to the latest "Special Issue on Renminbi Tracking," published in London on 26 July by the Society for Worldwide Banking Financial Telecommunications, the global trend in the use of renminbi for payments by financial institutions increased significantly from July 2017 to July 2019.
At the Worldwide Banking Financial Telecommunications Association's 2019 annual conference in London, the agency's "Special Issue on Renminbi Tracking," entitled "Looking at the Renminbi from a London Perspective," showed that from July 2017 to July 2019, the number of financial institutions worldwide paying in renminbi had increased by 11.31 per cent, from 1989 to 2,214.
Among them, Africa and the Middle East saw the largest increase in the number of financial institutions paying in renminbi, from 143 in July 2017 to 173 in July 2019, an increase of 20.98 per cent.
As of August 2019, the renminbi's share of the world's currencies of payment was 2.22 per cent, according to the report.
At the same time, London plays a leading role in the offshore trading of the renminbi.
As of July 2019, London's share of global offshore renminbi exchange transactions stood at 33.79 per cent, according to the report.
London is consistently ranked first in the world in foreign exchange transactions, the report said.
In July 2019, London's share of global foreign exchange transactions stood at 40.14 per cent, the United States at 12.93 per cent and France at 7.67 per cent.
Foreign Ministry's response to Taiwan's so-called "diplomatic breakthrough"
China's foreign ministry spokesman Geng Shuang responded at a regular press conference to Taiwan's recent entry into United Nations headquarters for a meeting on religious issues, saying the small move was disgraceful and made a mockery of generosity.
According to Taiwanese media reports, officials from Taipei's New York office have recently entered United Nations Headquarters to attend a conference on religious issues in the United States, calling it a "diplomatic breakthrough."
The meeting to which you referred was a side event held by the United States on United Nations premises, not a United Nations meeting at all.
Geng said Taiwanese personnel sneaked into the United Nations to undermine their personality, and described it as a so-called "diplomatic breakthrough," a small move that was disgraceful and demeaning.
He pointed out that the United Nations had repeatedly reaffirmed its adherence to the handling of the Taiwan question in accordance with General Assembly resolution 2758 (XXVI), and that the general membership of the United Nations had also adhered to the one-China principle.
Hohhot Accelerates the Structural Upgrading of the Dairy Industry - Xinhua News Agency
Hohhot, Sept. 27 (Xinhua News Agency) (Reporter An Lu Meng) The city of Hohhot, Inner Mongolia Autonomous Region, has speeded up the upgrading of its dairy industry structure, with Yili and Mengniu among the top 10 dairy companies in the world, accelerating the implementation of Yili Healthy Food Industrial Park and Mengniu China Dairy Industrial Park and other projects, making every effort to create an upgraded version of China's dairy capital.
Dairy industry is the traditional dominant industry in Hohhot City, relying on its unique resource endowment, industrial base and policy support.
In 2018, the city's dairy farming rate reached more than 98%, nearly 85% of farmers into the industrialization chain, Yili, Mengniu two enterprises sales total revenue close to 150 billion yuan.
In order to further develop and strengthen the dairy industry, Hohhot City has launched the "Some Opinions on Building an Upgraded Edition of China's Dairy Capital" and the "Three-Year Action Plan to Promote the Upgrading of the Dairy Industry (2018-2020)," and has implemented the "Five Upgrading" Plan around the goal of taking the lead in achieving Dairy Manufacturing 4.0, building a base of high-quality milk sources, linking the interests of agricultural enterprises and enterprises, nurturing hundreds of billion-dollar leading enterprises, nurturing specialized small and medium-sized enterprise clusters and innovation in the internationalization of the dairy industry.
Feng Yuzhen, mayor of Hohhot, said the city would accelerate the launching of two mega-investment projects, the Yili Healthy Food Industrial Park and the Mengniu China Dairy Industrial Park, and simultaneously build the National Dairy Technology Innovation Centre, thereby continuously enhancing the core competitiveness of the ethnic dairy industry.
Average exchange rate of the guilder to the United States dollar increased by 5 guilders on 27 September
With exchange rate fluctuations of + / -3 per cent, banks today have a ceiling of 23854 guilders to the United States dollar and a floor of 22465 guilders.
The bank's buying and selling prices of Yuan were 3211 and 3295 guilders, respectively, down 1 guilder each from the previous trading day.
The Commercial Bank of Viet Nam, which owns Techcorp, set its purchase and sale prices for the dollar at 23131 and 23271 guilders, respectively, down 2 guilders from the previous trading day.
The bank's buying and selling prices for the renminbi were 3193 and 3326 guilders, down 1 guilder and 2 guilder, respectively, from the previous trading day.
"China's Good Stories" Database Launched to Show the World the Real China in Three Dimensions
The "Good Chinese Stories" database, an innovative and fundamental platform for outreach aimed at "telling good Chinese stories and spreading good Chinese voices," went online today to show the world a true, three-dimensional and comprehensive China.
The "China Good Stories" database (www.chinastory.cn) is hosted by Xinhua News Agency and hosted by Xinhua China Search.
This is the scene of the "Mexican-American-Commonwealth-'China's Good Stories' Database Launch" filmed on September 27.
On that day, the database of "Good Chinese Stories," an innovative and fundamental platform for outreach work aimed at "telling good Chinese stories and spreading good Chinese voices," went online to show the world a true, three-dimensional and comprehensive China.
Open the "China's good stories" database, a long-term picture of the ink fish slowly unfolded, for readers through the time and space, a new treasure house of Chinese stories.
The database contains more than 60,000 wonderful stories, ranging from the traditional stories of "Faithfulness to the State" and "Moving Mount Fool," to the new era stories of "I will have no one" and "Don't forget my original heart," and thousands of good Chinese stories have become vivid carriers of "Chinese spirit," "Chinese wisdom" and "Chinese power."
The story bank is a collection of five "1 + 4" thematic stories.
The "Learning" section focuses on the stories of Xi Jinping, the stories he tells, the stories he uses to learn and the stories of the people he admires, providing a rich and convenient online platform for readers to learn the art of Xi Jinping's storytelling and understand the principles of governance behind his stories. The four story categories of "Governance and Governance," "Fighting for a Dream," "Chinese Culture" and "Win-win Cooperation" are tightly organized around the stories of the CPC's governance, the Chinese people's struggle for a dream, the extensive and profound Chinese culture and China's adherence to peaceful development and win-win cooperation.
Reporters in Beijing today, the United States and the Communist Party of China - "China's good stories" database launched at the launch of the database, "Chinese and English sites and mobile phone clients."
Website content comprehensive, rich functions, design fashion, all media show a wonderful story.
Mobile phone clients emphasize artificial intelligence voice functions, adapted to the trend of mobile communication, for users to provide a portable "China's good story" player.
In order to facilitate searching, the database gives full play to the advantages of China's intelligent search technology, providing time-based, map-based, people-based and label-based search functions that are convenient, fast and easy to search for and use.
The "China's good stories" database has also set up a special open platform for content, and has opened a "story number" for more than a dozen first-time resident units, such as the State Capital Commission.
Egyptian authorities are showing a willingness to crack down
Twitter hashtags and social media are advocating for Egyptians to take to the streets today to peacefully demand the removal of President Abdel Fattah el-Sisi.
However, the authorities have indicated their intention to use force to suppress it.
Since then-military chief Mohamed El-Sisi seized power in a 2013 military coup, dissent has virtually disappeared in Egypt, putting any form of protest at extreme risk.
The Guardian reported that the Egyptian Center for Economic and Social Rights, a Cairo-based non-governmental organization, said more than 1,900 people had been arrested since last weekend's rare outbreak of protests demanding Mr. Sessi's ouster.
Allegations of corruption surrounding Mr. Sessi and his family's pursuit of vanity by squandering public funds led thousands of people to take to the streets on the 20th.
Yesterday, Egypt's Interior Ministry took a firm position that any attempt to destabilize the country would be met with decisiveness and no soft hand.
Already heavily cordoned off in central Cairo, riot police, security vehicles, and plainclothes police were visible on the streets surrounding Tahrir Square, the site of the 2011 Egyptian revolution.
Al Jazeera reported that security forces on the 25th detained a number of important academics and social sages, including Cairo University political science professor and well-known columnist Nafa.
He tweeted on the 24th: "I have no doubt that the continuation of the absolute rule of Mr. Sessi will be disastrous."
"It is in Egypt's interest that he step down at once."
Hosni, a spokesman for Egypt's former military chief of staff, Annan, was in custody before Nafa's arrest.
Annan was arrested last year after attempting to run against Sessi for the presidency.
The Chairman of the Constitutional Party, Davut, was also detained.
Analysts and politicians argue that, at a time of increasing economic hardship for the poor and middle classes, sweeping the dissent reflects the instability and fragility of government.
"The arrests underscore the regime's disregard for the Egyptian people and its own fears," said opposition leader and former presidential contender Mohamed Nour.
"Because the economy has been messed up by him, coupled with widespread political repression, Sessi is trying to send a clear message to key generals and politicians who might take his place."
In the face of a worsening socio-economic situation, the government's high-handedness will only increase the anger of the people, he said.
Now that the barrier of fear had been breached, he expected more people to take to the streets.
Ali, a former Egyptian military construction contractor and now a businessman and actor in exile in Spain, began uploading a series of videos earlier this month claiming to benefit from government corruption, sparking a wave of small-scale demonstrations in different cities over the weekend.
Ali said his firm, Amrak General Contracting, was able to obtain lucrative contracts without going through a legal tender process, stressing the corruption of the military and of his relatives, including First Lady Intissar Amer al-Sisi.
He was deeply saddened by his involvement.
Ali claimed that his help to the rich palaces and luxury hotels in Seychelles contrasted sharply with the destitute lives of Egyptians today, and that he had not yet been paid.
On Twitter, hashtags such as "Stand Up and You're Not Alone," "Sisi You're Over," "Sisi Get Out," and "Next Friday" have attracted tens of thousands of tweets and retweets calling for people to peacefully take to the streets demanding that Sessi step down.
Hollywood Egyptian actor Ama Wick has nearly 7 million followers on Twitter.
He tweeted yesterday in Arabic: "Seth is doomed... He's done, and his supporters are making a big mistake now."
Free Special Training Scheme for Recently Economically Affected Employees
The Government of the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region (HKSAR) announced on 27 July that it had launched a free special training programme for employees affected by the recent economic situation. Eligible trainees will receive a training allowance of up to HK $4,000 per month upon completion of the programme.
Many boutiques in the harbour city of Tsim Sha Tsui have few customers.
As a result of the recent social strife in Hong Kong, visitor arrivals have dropped significantly. Apart from the tourism industry, the hotel, catering and retail trades have also been affected.
The Secretary for Labour and Welfare, Mr K C Lo, and the Secretary for Commerce and Economic Development, Mr Edward Yau, met with the media on entrusting the Employees Retraining Board with the implementation of special training programmes and measures to support the tourism industry.
Mr Luo said the challenges facing Hong Kong's economy were imminent and that work should not wait for calm.
Therefore, the HKSAR Government has launched a free training programme called "Special Love adds value."
Persons who have been unemployed since June 1 or who have been asked by their employers to take unpaid leave, etc., will have the opportunity to participate in the scheme if they meet the relevant requirements, the spokesman said.
The most important part of the programme is "vocational skills," which covers 19 industries including tourism, retail and catering. There will also be new "innovative technology" programmes and cross-sectoral "universal skills" programmes, Mr Lo said.
Mr Yu Pengchun, Chairman of the Employees Retraining Board, said that all courses were free of charge and the scheme was expected to support about 10,000 people in need.
Participants in the Scheme are entitled to a special allowance of up to HK $4,000 per month for each full-time or part-time course completed and attended by 80 per cent of the participants.
The training courses, which will last two to three months, are offered by about 50 training institutions and can be read by the public from October 3 to March 31, with a maximum of four courses per person, the spokesman said.
In addition, the HKSAR Government has announced a series of measures to support the tourism industry to help it overcome its difficulties.
These measures include relaxation of funding allocations to the Travel Industry Council, funding for 6,000 tour guides to renew their licences and exemption of travel agents from annual fees.
Exercise is tiring, but it's also tiring?
The brain also shows signs of fatigue after strenuous exercise, according to a study of athletes conducted by Russia's satellite network.
The study, led by Mathias Perciglion, an expert at the hospital in Petite-Salpetre in France, showed an inconspicuous link between mental and physical work: Both require cognitive control of activities.
"You need to control the autonomous processes that force you to stop when your muscles and joints are in pain," he explains.
The study was initiated by the French National Institute of Physical Education and Sport.
The school specialists are in charge of preparing the athletes for the Olympic Games.
Some athletes have begun to suffer from over-training syndrome, an uncontrollable sense of fatigue, physical inability to recover and a decline in performance after high-loaded exercise.
INSEP asks the question: Could part of the cause of this condition be nervous fatigue, which is caused by excessive mental effort?
The study is published in the journal Contemporary Biology.
The Ministry of Culture and Tourism and the Chinese Art Museum have unveiled a special exhibition to celebrate the 70th anniversary of the founding of the People's Republic of China.
Xu Beihong's Running Horse, Qi Baishi's Ten Thousand Years of Peace, Li Kejian's Red Mountains and Red Forests, Jin Shangyi's Tajik Bride, Luo Neutral's Father, Liu Wenxi's Four Dynasties of Zu and more than 480 masterpieces, a collection of more than 20 major art museums in China, almost all of the classic works since the founding of New China.
The exhibition, entitled "The Grand Course of the People's Republic of China - Exhibition of Fine Arts Works to Celebrate the 70th Anniversary of the Establishment of the People's Republic of China," is a rich and multidimensional exhibition of the great and magnificent course and achievements of the 70 years since the founding of New China, demonstrating the unremitting determination of the Chinese people and their great spirit of self-improvement.
The exhibition is divided into a preface and four chapters.
The exhibition features a large-scale collection of masterpieces, including more than 480 works of Chinese paintings, oil paintings, prints, sculptures, watercolors, watercolours, Chinese New Year paintings and posters.
In addition, for the first time, more than 130 new works on realistic themes have been presented in the "National Thematic Art Creation," organized by the Ministry of Culture and Tourism.
In order to present the exhibition, the Chinese Art Museum used all the exhibition space for the first time, except the three floors of the pavilion were all adopted, the outdoor courtyard space was also formed into a sculpture exhibition area, and through the exhibition design to form an exhibition pattern echoing the inside and outside.
It is reported that the exhibition will be on display until November 2.
In accordance with the unified arrangements for Beijing's celebration of the 70th anniversary of the founding of New China, the Chinese Art Museum was suspended from September 28 to October 1.
On 27 September, World Tourism Day, the theme of which this year is "Tourism and Work: Building a Better Future for All," the Tourist Board organized a series of events to celebrate with residents and travellers, including the reception of lucky visitors and a traditional tray competition.
On the same day, a special "World Tourism Day" Dinner was held to promote exchanges with the tourism industry. The Secretary for Social Affairs and Culture, Mr Tam Chun-wing, participated in this global tourism event and actively promoted the sustainable development of Macau's tourism industry.
The Secretary for Tourism, Ms Eva Man, and the Deputy Secretary for Tourism, Mr Michael Hui, together with other leading officials, arrived at Macau International Airport on the same day to present souvenirs to the lucky travellers on World Tourism Day.
The family of Mr Wipoosiri, a tourist from Thailand, was a lucky visitor this year. He said they visited Macau about four to five times a year. Macau is a family-sized destination where they can enjoy Macau's delicious food and sightseeing in the city during weekend holidays.
Macau tourism mascot "Macau" mechanics are also present to welcome visitors. The Visitors Enquiry Counter of the Tourist Board also arranges souvenirs to be presented to visitors throughout the day.
The traditional tray competition was held on the afternoon of the same day. Nearly 180 participants representing more than 29 hotels and restaurants in Macao took part in the competition. This year, coinciding with the 20th anniversary of the establishment of the Macao Special Administrative Region, the participants arranged a digital "20" picture at the Tai San Ba Licensing Ground before departure to add joy to the event.
Participants also wore distinctive costumes that matched the theme of the return.
Participants carrying a bottle of "Macau Beer" on a tray crossed the streets of the "Historic District of Macau" to safely deliver the beer to the final pavilion at the fastest speed. The process was exciting, attracting a large number of tourists to stop to take photos or even to cheer up the participants, demonstrating the charm of Macau tourism.
The men's category was won by Warren Obejas Cabada of Macau's Jinsha City Centre; the women's category was won by Ye Xiaojing of Jingjing Group; and the most special clothing awards were won by Ou Huanming of Jingjing Group and Cui Zhihong of Jinlong Hotel, respectively.
In the evening, hundreds of guests, including representatives of relevant departments, industry and media, were invited to attend the World Tourism Day Dinner.
Speaking at the dinner, Mr Tam said that the Macao tourism industry had grown by a thousand miles in the past 20 years, but faced with the constant changes in the external environment, the industry needed to innovate, build on the successes achieved, adjust its strategies and design new tourism products and promotion models, expand its market, and continue to support the promotion of a vibrant and sustainable Macao tourism industry.
On the theme of "Celebrating the 20th Anniversary of the Establishment of the Macao Special Administrative Region," the dinner featured Macao singers singing the original song "Lin Cheng One," as well as performances by six major tourism enterprises on the theme of "Reunification," demonstrating Macao's diverse tourism and leisure elements and the versatility of its tourism professionals.
Since 1980, the World Tourism Organization has designated 27 September as World Tourism Day in order to promote international awareness of the importance of tourism, in particular its social, cultural, political and economic values.
30 billion yuan counter-purchase operation launched
Xinhua News Agency, Beijing, Sept. 27 (reporters Zhang Qianqian and Wu Yu) The People's Bank of China (PBOC) launched a 30 billion yuan reverse buy-back operation on Sept. 27 by inviting bids at interest rates.
With 40 billion yuan of reverse buyback due on that day, the People's Bank of China reverse buyback operation achieved a net return of 10 billion yuan.
The central bank issued a notice that the day to carry out 30 billion yuan reverse buyback operation, the duration of 14 days, the winning bid rate 2.7%.
It was the seventh consecutive working day for the central bank to carry out a 14-day period of reverse buyback operations.
The overnight rate was 1.313 per cent, down 32.4 basis points on the previous trading day; the 7-day rate was 2.59 per cent, up 1.3 basis points on the previous trading day; the 14-day rate was 2.95 per cent, down 1.7 basis points on the previous trading day; and the one-year rate was 3.048 per cent, the same as on the previous trading day.
Making Chinese citizens feel more at ease when they go out: Visit to Cui Aimin, Director-General of the Consular Department of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs
Wherever you go, the motherland is behind you.
On the 25th, the first foreign ministry consular protection public welfare video went online, the video end of the sentence caused widespread netizens to resonate.
Choi Ai-min, director of the foreign ministry's consular department, told Xinhua News Agency that the short film aimed to further make the people feel "diplomacy for the people" of the feelings and temperature, so that Chinese citizens everywhere in the world, Chinese diplomats will extend a helping hand to them, giving them help, strength and hope.
There is no small matter of safety overseas, a branch a leaf always concerned.
Mr Cui said the number of Chinese citizens "going abroad" had increased dramatically over the past 70 years, from less than a million a year before the reform and opening-up to more than 100 million a year today. Meanwhile, the safety of Chinese citizens travelling abroad had become more secure, and consular protection and assistance had been extended from overseas Chinese to overseas Chinese, tourists, overseas students and workers.
According to statistics, since the 18th National Congress of the Communist Party of China, we have organized and carried out more than 10 major operations to evacuate or transfer overseas Chinese citizens, safely evacuating more than 40,000 Chinese citizens from dangerous and volatile areas.
Approximately 500,000 cases involving nearly 1 million Chinese citizens were handled and coordinated.
In times of danger, the motherland can take you home; it is no longer a dream to take a "walk-on trip."
By the end of August, China had concluded visa-exemption agreements with 14 countries covering ordinary passport holders, according to Cui.
Moreover, an increasing number of countries have unilaterally granted Chinese citizens visa-free or visa-on-arrival access.
Thailand, Egypt and 42 other countries and territories have unilaterally granted visa-on-arrival to Chinese citizens holding ordinary passports, while Indonesia and 15 other countries and territories have unilaterally granted visa-free entry to Chinese citizens holding ordinary passports.
In addition to visa-free and visa-on-arrival arrangements, Chinese citizens are also applying for visas more and more convenient and simplified procedures.
By the end of August, China had concluded visa facilitation agreements or arrangements with 41 countries.
These include agreements with the United States, Canada, Israel and Argentina to grant each other multiple visas valid for 10 years for travel and business purposes, and with the United Kingdom to grant each other multiple visas valid for 2 years for travel, business and family visits.
The United Kingdom and Belgium jointly launched a "one-stop visa" service, while France, Italy and Singapore reduced the processing time to 48 hours, 36 hours and 24 hours, respectively.
For business people who often go abroad, multiple-entry, convenient customs clearance of the APEC Business Travel Card is a good choice.
According to Cui, holding the card is equivalent to obtaining more than five-year visas from 16 economies around the Asia-Pacific region, which is of great significance for business people, especially private enterprises, to "go out."
At present, China's effective card-holding capacity ranks first among APEC economies.
The Ministry of Foreign Affairs will actively negotiate bilateral visa-reciprocity agreements, push more countries to adopt visa-facilitation measures for Chinese citizens, translate diplomatic achievements into initiatives that benefit and facilitate citizens, and continuously raise the 'gold content' of Chinese passports.
National Day is approaching.
Yesterday morning, party secretary Cai Qi led a team to inspect the National Day production safety and holiday market supplies.
He emphasized the need to raise political standing, strengthen bottom-line thinking, do a solid and meticulous job to ensure the safe operation of cities and the supply of markets, welcome the 70th anniversary of the founding of New China, and let citizens enjoy a happy, peaceful holiday.
Mayor Chen Jining, deputy secretary of the Communist Party of China, together with inspection.
The Tian'anmen area power supply service center covers an area of nearly 7 square kilometers, and has built an intelligent inspection system to monitor and analyze data in real time and realize intelligent operation, evaluation and security of equipment.
Cai Qi, Chen Jining carefully inspected the operation of power supply equipment and production safety, asked the important details of power supply and security work, and walked into the dispatch command hall, combined with a large screen to listen to the festive period of safety power and gas work report.
Cai Qi expressed condolences to the first-line staff, emphasizing that we should set up a bottom-line thinking, grasp firefighting and other work, go to the scene, pay attention to the end, strengthen the safety hidden dangers of each location one by one check and equipment operation monitoring, to ensure the absolute safety of power and gas supply.
Wangfujing department store, all kinds of merchandise, everywhere overflowing with festive atmosphere.
The second basement of the Peace Jiao, Qinghua stone brick walls and rich flavor of the aging photo studios, the Grand Theatre, food stores, old bookstore and other old shops, everywhere permeated with Beijing flavor.
Cai Qi, Chen Jining, along the way to listen to Wangfujing Department Store with pedestrian street upgrading to upgrade business operations, market supply reports, to understand the holiday protection in detail.
Go into the "Red Star Food and Oil Store" and "Dabei Photo Gallery," and so on, to understand Beijing's characteristics of merchandise sales, along the way to the tourists to inquire about the experience of the tour.
In Zhang Binggui candy counter, Beijing's model labor, Zhang Binggui's son and inherited the "one catch" and "one clear," Cai Qi urged him to vigorously promote the spirit of labor model.
Cai Qi instruction, strengthen market monitoring, to ensure adequate and stable holiday supplies, strict food safety closures, such as shopping malls and other people-intensive places to grasp fire safety and other work.
City leaders Cui Shuqiang, Wang Hong, Zhang Jiaming to participate in the inspection.
Jiangxi: "Long line" guards the safety of passenger liner operations.
Reporters from Jiangxi Province Road Transport Administration have learned that, so far, 11 Jiangxi prefectures and 6 directly administered counties of 1,334 passenger lines have "line length."
The head of the Jiangxi Provincial Highway Transportation Administration said that because some passenger transportation enterprises' safety management is in a formal way, the main responsibility of enterprises' safety cannot be fulfilled, and illegal and illegal acts such as overstaffing and speeding of passenger vehicles and drivers' fatigue driving have occurred, the situation of road passenger transportation safety is more serious.
In order to further consolidate the main responsibility of road passenger transportation enterprises for safe production and ensure the safety of passengers travelling by car, Jiangxi began piloting the "long-line system" in 2017, and gradually began to promote it throughout the province in 2018.
At present, 92 road passenger transport enterprises in Jiangxi have implemented the "long-line system," selecting "long-line" management of 1,334 lines, covering 4824 operating passenger vehicles.
According to the introduction, the "line leader" is generally appointed by road transportation passenger enterprises to be specialized personnel, specifically responsible for managing the work of the relevant railway line personnel, vehicles, lines and so on, ensuring that the railway line leaders to the line, vehicles, drivers, operating environment and other comprehensive control, to ensure the operation of the railway line safety.
To celebrate the seventieth anniversary of the founding of the People's Republic of China and the twentieth anniversary of the Macao Special Administrative Region, the Municipalities Department will organize a special food safety public guided tour from October to December. Food safety educators will guide visitors to the "Twenty Years of Mainland Food and Agricultural Products for Macao Photo Exhibition" and the "Food Information Station" to deepen the public's understanding of the safety supervision and stable supply of food from the Mainland to Macao, as well as the measures to safeguard food safety in Macao.
Jointly organised by the General Administration of Customs and the Macao SAR Municipality, the Photo Exhibition "Keeping Watch and Helping, Working Together - 20 Years of Mainland Food and Agricultural Safety for Macao" is now being held at the Food Information Desk on the first floor of the Yue Han Hawker Building.
To celebrate the 70th Anniversary of the People's Republic of China and the 20th Anniversary of the Macao Special Administrative Region, the Municipality will hold a special food safety public guided tour at 3: 30 p.m. every Wednesday (except public holidays) from October to December at the Food Information Station on the first floor of the Yuhan Hawker Building. The guided tour will be conducted by food safety educators. Through live graphics, videos, cartoons and interactive multimedia games, accompanied by guided tours by food safety officers, the participants will gain an in-depth understanding of the safety supervision and stable supply of food from the Mainland to Macao, as well as the food safety work of Macao from import to market control, and learn about food safety in their daily lives.
Each guided tour lasts about 30 minutes. Interested parties are invited to register at the Food Information Centre of the Municipality, 1 / F, Yue Han Hawker Building, 15 minutes before the start of the day. Fees are free and seats are limited on a first-come, first-served basis.
For enquiries, please call the FEHD hotline 2833 8181 during office hours.
Fujian Provincial Treasury's Integrated Tax Administration and Payment Platform - Zhongxin Net
Fujian Province tax depot silver convenient comprehensive tax payment platform officially online.
Fuzhou, Sept. 27 (Ye Qiuyun) Fujian Province's tax depot, the Silver Easy People Comprehensive Tax Payment Platform, officially launched on September 27 in Fuzhou, Fujian Province.
On October 26, 2018, the central branch of the People's Bank of China in Fuzhou jointly signed a tripartite memorandum of cooperation with the Fujian Revenue Bureau of the State Administration of Taxation and the China Banking Federation Co., Ltd., creating the Fujian Revenue Bank's comprehensive tax collection and payment platform.
After nearly a year of construction, the platform has now been successfully launched.
Wang Dehui, Director of Treasury, Fuzhou Central Branch, People's Bank of China, said the platform is based on the construction philosophy of security, universality, convenience, compliance and leadership. The front end of the platform connects with tax, government, banks, non-bank payment agencies and social service providers.
It is reported that the platform brings together a number of convenience projects for the benefit of the people, among which, urban and rural residents medical insurance fee collection project has been officially online.
The project has opened 14 channels, online and offline, to serve more than 30 million urban and rural residents in Fujian Province, covering 76 per cent of the resident population of Fujian Province.
Payment of health insurance premiums can be made online through the "Min-Tax Link," "Cloud Flash Payment" and various banks' APPs, the official website, etc.; Payment of health insurance premiums can be made in various ways, such as scanning codes, waving cards and swiping cards, at various taxation halls and rural universal financial service points in Fujian Province.
Shi Dong, vice-president of the Fuzhou Central Branch of the People's Bank of China, said the platform's successful launch, while ensuring that government revenues are paid directly into the treasury and data and information are exchanged in real time, can provide the public with safe, efficient, multi-channel, multi-mode convenient tax payment services.
At present, more than 16,000 universal financial service points in the province and more than 9,000 have set up medical insurance check-up functions, enabling rural residents to check and pay their medical insurance premiums without leaving their villages, thus giving the public a stronger sense of "access" and "happiness."
According to statistics, since the first 20 days of the pilot operation of the medical insurance premium detection and payment project for urban and rural residents, the number of service users has reached 840,000, of which 750,000 have paid their premiums online and nearly 20,000 have paid their premiums at universal financial service points.
In addition, Lin Guoming, deputy director of the Fujian Provincial Revenue Bureau of the State Administration of Taxation, revealed at the event that the platform was the first in the country to apply blockchain e-payment voucher technology.
From next month onwards, payers will also be able to download stamped electronic payment vouchers directly from their mobile phones upon completion of their payments.
The blockchain-based Fujian tax information network is being built, and the "highway" for people to pay taxes will be further broadened.
The United States will deploy additional anti-aircraft systems and troops in Saudi Arabia
The U.S. Defense Department announced on Monday that it would deploy an additional Patriot air defence system, four Sentinel radar systems and about 200 U.S. troops in Saudi Arabia as a result of previous attacks on Saudi oil installations.
In a statement, the Pentagon said the deployment would enhance air defense and anti-missile capabilities for key military targets and civilian infrastructure in Saudi Arabia and strengthen the U.S. military presence in the region.
The statement also said U.S. Secretary of Defense Christopher Esper has also approved the inclusion of two Patriot air defence systems and one Sadr anti-missile system in the deployment readiness sequence.
Some U.S. defence media have questioned the effectiveness of the deployment, stating that the main interceptor targets of the Patriot and Al-Sadr systems were not low-altitude targets such as UAVs and cruise missiles claimed by the United States to have attacked Saudi Arabia.
Speaking at the general debate of the United Nations General Assembly on 25 September, Iranian President Hassan Rouhani said Iran could help maintain "security in the Persian Gulf" and ensure the smooth and safe passage of oil ships through the Strait of Hormuz, with all countries enjoying their rights on an equal footing.
He also stressed that regional security could only be achieved with the withdrawal of U.S. troops from the region.
On the 14th of this month, several drones attacked and set fire to two of Saudi Aramco's oil facilities.
The United States accused Iran of the attack and imposed new sanctions on Iran.
Chairman Sears plans to increase his stake in the company after last year's call for staff to hold up to a surplus of 43 per cent.
On the evening of September 25, Sears (603716.SH) announced that Wen Wei, the company's de facto controller and chairman, had completed the plan by raising 10.542 million shares, or 0.5139% of the company's total equity, through a pool of bids on the Shanghai Stock Exchange, totalling RMB2009.26 million (including stamp duty, commission, interest and other transaction costs).
Prior to the implementation of the plan, Wen Wei directly owned 8.58 million shares, or 4.18 per cent of the company's total equity, while the controlling shareholder, Tianjin Ruimei Scientific Instruments Co., Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as "Tianjin Ruimei"), owned 8.2183 million shares, or 40.06 per cent of the company's total equity, and Wen Wei held 66.06 per cent of Tianjin Ruimei.
Note that this is not the first time that Cyrus has made a profitable move.
In just over a year since last September, Mr. Sears has launched executive takeovers, chairman's bottom-up takeover initiatives, share buybacks and equity incentives.
On September 18 last year, Mr. Sears announced that seven executives, including Mr. Lau, who had planned to increase his stake in the company, had accumulated 394.33 million shares (0.1922 per cent of the company's total equity), for a total of $702.29 million.
Shortly thereafter, chairman and controller Wen Wei initiated a plan to increase the company's stock holdings and promised to compensate Wen Wei for any losses.
The total amount of the company's shares may not be increased beyond a maximum of $150 million, and the company's shares must be held continuously for a period of more than 12 months, no reduction may be made, and the employee is on duty at the time of compensation.
Reporters combed found that during the period of the above-mentioned initiative, the share price of Sears was as low as 14.02 yuan and as high as 16.44 yuan, with a maximum surplus of 42.80 per cent and a minimum of 21.78 per cent, based on Sears closing price of 20.02 yuan on September 25.
On January 21, Mr. Sears again approved a plan to buy back the company's shares, announcing that the total amount to be spent on the repurchase would be no less than 160 million yuan and no more than 280 million yuan.
On August 8, 2019, the company issued the "Silith 2019 Restrictive Stock Incentive Plan (draft)" announcement, and set high performance unlocking conditions.
According to the announcement, equity incentives are based on operating revenue in 2018, with four accounting-year growth rates of not less than 30%, 70%, 12%, and 18% for 2019-20, respectively.
Based on the first half of the performance of Sears, the company maintained high growth and surpassed this year's 30 per cent performance growth unlocking conditions.
In the first half of the year, operating income reached 842 million yuan, an increase of 46.50%, while net profit attributed to shareholders of listed companies was 562.324 million yuan, an increase of 16.46%.
For the fifth consecutive reporting period since mid-2018, sales have grown by more than 38% year-on-year, peaking at 59%.
In 2018, the company established a dual-core-driven development strategy based on the intensive operation of medical testing services (IVD services), the intensive operation of medical consumables (SPD services) and regional testing centers, iteratively upgrading the existing IVD services to advance the SPD services.
Sales related people told reporters, in order to comply with the trend of medical reform, to achieve rapid expansion, the three business are steadily advancing.
In the area of SPD business, in January this year, Serlis announced the signing of the "Agreement on Cooperation in the Construction of Intensive Operation Platform for Medical Consumables and the Management of Daily Operation" with the People's Hospital of Lingwu City and the Chinese Hospital of Lingwu City, with a three-year term of contract.
"In fact, Sears is aggressively expanding its SPD business to generate long-term revenue by providing medical institutions with refined operational services such as centralized in-house procurement, warehousing management, distribution and clearing of medical consumables."
The aforementioned person said.
On September 17, according to the Zhejiang Government Procurement Network, Zhejiang Government Procurement Services Information Platform announcement, Sellers won a bid for an "extended hospital logistics service project for medical consumables (including reagents)" Shaw Hospital, affiliated to Zhejiang University Medical School.
Pharmaceutical industry analysts pointed out that the winning bid is very gold, Shaw Hospital is the first public hospital in mainland China to pass international hospital accreditation, the future smooth implementation of the project is also an important development opportunity for hospitals.
According to its analysis, previously through regional expansion, national strategic cooperation and channel mergers and acquisitions, the business map basically completed the provinces of the country's operational area coverage.
Now the winning Shaw Hospital in Zhejiang next city, should continue to replicate the model in different hospitals to enhance the company's competitiveness in the East China market.
Moreover, this year, Sears is laying out new areas, such as industrial marijuana and blockchain technology.
Beijing 78,000 volunteers to serve the National Day of Transportation trips.
In order to ensure the seventieth anniversary of the founding of the People's Republic of China, more than 78, 000 volunteers from Beijing will be on duty from October 28 to provide volunteer services in various locations in Beijing until October 8.
Prior to that, the Beijing Municipal Leading Group for the 70th Anniversary of the Founding of the People's Republic of China had set up a volunteer command department.In the early stages, more than 160,000 highly qualified volunteers were recruited and trained for universities, communities, enterprises and all sectors of society.
Among them, traffic civilization volunteers more than 78, 000.
From September 28 to October 8, 78,266 ACT Volunteers were deployed at 1,700 traffic junctions and 308 subway stations in Beijing, including more than 300 major transportation hubs, to conduct traffic diversion and guidance.
After two months in Iranian custody, the British tanker "Stanna Empire" was finally released and departed the Iranian port of Bandar Abbas on the morning of the 27th for international waters.
And just in the middle of last month, the authorities of Gibraltar, the British overseas territory, had just released an Iranian oil tanker that had been detained for more than a month.
According to the Islamic Republic of Iran News Agency, at 9 a.m. local time on the 27th, the British tanker "Stanna Empire" departed from Bandar Abbas for international waters in the Persian Gulf.
The Port and Shipping Organization of the Iranian province of Hormuzgan confirmed that the commander and crew of the vessel had made formal and written undertakings and that, despite the seizure of the vessel, they had no claims.
Steina Bulk, the Swedish owner of the tanker, also said the ship was sailing from Bandar Abbas.
Furthermore, vessel tracking data from Finitiv indicated that the tanker began moving on the 27th and left the port of Abbas.
The British-flagged tanker, Steina Impero, was seized by Iran in July.
A spokesman for the company said the tanker was preparing to leave Bandar Abbas.
Two weeks after the British seized an Iranian oil tanker in the waters of Gibraltar, the Iranian Revolutionary Guards detained the tanker, Steina Impero, in the Strait of Hormuz.
The ship was released in August.
Earlier this week, an Iranian government spokesman said all legal procedures for the release of the ship had been completed.
But Iran said the investigation is still ongoing.
Several Iranian media outlets also released videos of the tanker's departure.
On 19 July, the Iranian navy of the Islamic Revolutionary Guard Corps detained a British oil tanker, the "Stanna Empire," in Iranian waters in the Strait of Hormuz, before escorting it to Bandar Abbas.
The Iranian tanker Grace I was seized off the coast of Gibraltar.
Furthermore, on 4 July, the British Overseas Territory of Gibraltar authorities seized the tanker Grace I, carrying Iranian crude oil, in the Strait of Gibraltar on suspicion of transporting oil to Syria in violation of EU sanctions.
More than a month later, on 15 August, the Gibraltar authorities announced the release of Grace 1.
This afternoon, the province's undergraduate colleges and universities thematic education inspection and rectification work in Changsha convened a special conference.
Wu Lan, deputy secretary of the CPC Central Committee, emphasized the need to raise political standing, strengthen political responsibility, strictly and conscientiously grasp the problems, examine and rectify them, and use the effectiveness of thematic education to promote the high-quality development of Party building, political thinking and reform and development in universities.
Ulan fully affirms the initial results achieved by undergraduate colleges and universities in the second batch of thematic education.
She pointed out that carrying out education on the theme of "Remember your original heart and remember your mission" was a major deployment made by the Party Central Committee, and that undergraduate colleges and universities should deeply study and implement the spirit of the important speech made by the President of the PRC on carrying out education on the theme of "Remember your original heart and remember your mission."
From the political level of strengthening the "Four Awarenesses," achieving the "Two Maintenance," and fulfilling the original mission, we will conscientiously complete all the prescribed actions for thematic education, in particular the series of problems examined in the course of solid reforms and overhauls, coordinate all the efforts for the reform and development of schools, and make it possible to achieve "two without two."
Wu Lan emphasized that we should stick to the inward-looking edge of the knife, grasp the problems and examine them well, in accordance with the requirements of the "Four Comparisons" and "Four Finds," find the right answers to the standards and tables, widely solicit opinions and suggestions from teachers, students and staff, parents and all sectors of society, and thoroughly and conscientiously analyze the root causes from the ideological point of view, so as to clarify the direction of our efforts and improve measures, and come up with practical and hard ways to solve difficult problems.
We must persist in making precise efforts to strengthen genuine reforms and make sure that the word "reform" is used throughout.
To do a good job of thematic education and "Lide Shuren" and other work of the integration of articles, solidify the responsibility for corrective action, ensure that the problem is not a drop, bottom-up clear zero, and make sure that corrective action.
We must adhere to the principle of addressing both the symptoms and the root causes, improve the long-term effectiveness mechanism, tighten the institutional cage, reinforce the rigidity of the system and ensure that all work is carried out in accordance with rules and regulations.
We must adhere to the above-mentioned principles, with leading cadres taking the lead in strengthening theoretical arming, taking the lead in conscientiously reviewing and reforming reforms, taking the lead from time to time in strictly disciplining themselves, giving full play to the exemplary role of the "key minorities," and striving to complete the tasks of subject education, reviewing and reforming reforms.
Statements were made by the leading comrades of the Party committees of five universities, including Hunan University, and the leading comrades of the departmental units directly concerned.
Shipment of "one-stop" two super high-pressure projects
On 26th, Zhendong to South Anhui Â± 1100 kV HVDC power transmission project, Sutong 1000 kV AC UHV GIL integrated pipeline project.
Both of these projects occupy high points in the respective fields of transmission technology in the world, and after their commissioning will enable China's large-scale optimization of energy allocation to be greatly enhanced.
Guo Zhi, chief economist of the State Energy Administration, said the Zhendong-Southern Anhui project is the world's largest power transmission capacity and the longest transmission distance.
Its transportation is of great significance to the development of Xinjiang energy base and the supply of electricity in eastern China.
GIL, gas - insulated metal closed transmission lines.
The Sutong Pipeline Corridor Project has set the world record for the highest voltage grade and the highest transmission capacity of the GIL Project.
According to the National Power Grid Company, the transmission distance from Zhendong to southern Anhui Province is 3324 kilometers.
With conventional technology, more than 15% of electricity is lost on the way, and the project has been developed to significantly increase the economic distance to more than 3000 km.
The project will provide 100 million degrees of electricity every 8 hours and 20 minutes, which will help solve the problem of the absorption of new energy in Xinjiang.
According to full-load estimates, the line alone will deliver between 60 and 85 billion kilowatt-hours of electricity annually, enough to supply more than half of Shanghai's electricity needs throughout the year.
Sutong GIL Comprehensive Pipeline Corridor Project is a controlled project of ultra high voltage AC ring network across the Yangtze River.
A conventional overhead route across the Yangtze River would require the erection of two super-450-metre towers and the construction of a super-four-football-sized artificial island for each tower.
To this end, the national grid bold innovation, the development of a compact ultra-high-voltage AC GIL transmission technology, through tunnels underwater across the river, avoiding the impact on the Gold Channel.
The two projects have pushed China's electrical equipment manufacturing capability to achieve a new leap.
At present, the national power grid has been cumulatively completed "10 crossings 11 straight" ultra-high-voltage project, and "4 crossings 3 straight" is under construction.
Foreign Exchange Bureau: The Structure of China's Foreign Debt Continuously Optimizes the Stability Enhancement of Foreign Debt
"Overall, China's external debt structure is continuously optimized and its stability is enhanced."
Wang Chunying, chief economist and spokesman for the State Administration of Foreign Exchange, said the main indicators of China's foreign debt were within the internationally recognized safety line and the risk of foreign debt was generally manageable.
Wang Chunying in the Foreign Exchange Bureau on the day of the announcement of the end of June 2019 external debt data, in response to reporters' questions made the above-mentioned statement.
According to the data, at the end of June 2019, China's total external debt balance (including domestic and foreign currencies) was $98 billion, an increase of $26.3 billion, or 1.3 per cent, from the end of March 2019, mainly due to the increase in the balance of debt securities.
In the second quarter of 2019, the increase of China's total external debt by more than 70% was driven by non-residents purchasing domestic renminbi bonds, and non-residents were mainly middle- and long-term investors such as central banks.
At the end of June 2019, medium- and long-term external debt stood at 3 percentage points higher than at the end of March 2019, and domestic currency external debt stood at 1 percentage point higher than at the end of March 2019.
With the inclusion of China's domestic renminbi bonds in the Bloomberg Global Aggregate Index in April 2019, international investors' recognition of China's bond market has further increased, with China continuing to hold domestic renminbi bonds, Wang said.
"Our balance of payments remains in general equilibrium and the external debt risk is manageable."
Reporters 27 from the Yunnan Province Agricultural Sciences Academy learned that the grassland moth has been effectively prevented and controlled in Yunnan Province, did not cause a large-scale outbreak of disaster, the prevention and control work achieved milestones.
In January, the grassland moth was first discovered in Jiangcheng County, Pu'er City, Yunnan Province, and subsequently confirmed in 129 counties of Yunnan Province. The moth has also gradually spread from Yunnan to mainland China, posing a direct threat to Chinese food production.
The grassland night moth is an important agricultural pest native to tropical and subtropical regions of America. It is a major migratory insect in the FAO global early warning system.
The pest harms more than 80 crops, such as maize, sugar cane and sorghum.
It is difficult to control the insect, and there is no registered pesticide to control the insect in China.
Since the invasion of the grassland night moth, Yunnan Academy of Agricultural Sciences selected Chen Aidong researchers, leading the Yunnan Academy of Agricultural Sciences cross-border harmful biological cooperation with the green protection and control of innovation teams, to the front line, field investigation, sampling, and technical guidance and experimental demonstration.
Chen Aidong team has preliminarily grasped the population characteristics, natural enemy insect resources, overseas source characteristics, population migration trajectory, toxicity of pharmaceuticals and field control effects of the night moth in Yunnan grassland.
They have actively carried out research and application of green control technologies.By implementing new green control technologies such as population monitoring, adult insemination, scientific pharmaceuticals and agronomic measures, the control effects in the demonstration areas have reached over 90 per cent, while reducing the use of chemical pesticides, protecting natural enemies and the ecological environment, and providing technical guarantees for Yunnan to effectively control the outbreak and sustainable management of the grassland night moth.
At present, Yunnan grassland night moth has been effectively prevented and controlled, did not cause a large-scale outbreak into disaster, the prevention and control work has achieved the stage results.
Next, the Yunnan Academy of Agricultural Sciences will emphasize the ecological mechanism of population relocation and invasion outbreak, breakthrough the biological control and green control technology system.
At the same time, it has actively promoted cross-border international cooperation and sought to establish joint key laboratories and joint monitoring sites and demonstration zones abroad to enhance the monitoring and early warning capabilities of the night moth in Yunnan grassland.
According to the website of the People's Bank of China, the People's Bank of China is scheduled to issue a set of panda gold and silver commemorative coins at the China International Import Expo on September 30, 2019.
The set of two gold and silver commemorative coins, one gold and one silver, are legal tender in the People's Republic of China.
According to the introduction, the set of gold and silver commemorative coins for the obverse of the Temple of Heaven for prayers in Beijing, and published the name of the country, the year and the "China International Import Expo" Chinese characters.
The reverse of the eight-gram round gold commemorative coin bears a picture of the mother and child panda and is printed with the words "8g Au.999" and the words "China International Import Expo" in English and denomination.
The reverse of the 30-gram round silver commemorative coin bears a picture of a mother and child panda and is printed with the words "30g Ag.999" and the words "China International Import Exposition" in English, as well as the denomination.
According to the introduction, the 8 gram round gold commemorative coin is a universal coin, containing 8 grams of pure gold, 22 mm in diameter, 100 yuan in denomination, 99.9% color, the maximum issuance of 10,000.
The 30-gram round silver commemorative coin is a common denomination of 30 grams of pure silver, 40 mm in diameter, $10 in denomination, 99.9% in color, with a maximum circulation of 20,000.
The set of gold and silver commemorative coins is minted by Shenyang Mint Co. Ltd. and distributed by China National Gold Coin Corporation.
White Paper: China's Development Way in Accordance with National Conditions
Beijing, September 27 (C Xinhua) -- China's State Council Press Office released a white paper on China and the World in a New Era on September 27.
The White Paper noted that, over the past 70 years, the Chinese people had made strenuous efforts to explore and advance socialism with Chinese characteristics, successfully pioneered the path of socialism with Chinese characteristics and achieved development achievements that attracted worldwide attention.
The white paper says China's development depends on self-reliance and hard work.
China's development is based on the spirit of "800 million shirts for a Boeing," with generations of people continuously striving and paying hardships and sweats unimaginable to others. It is also based on the spirit of "carrying your own burden," neither in good times nor in bad, not exporting problems, not passing on contradictions, not exploiting other countries by buying and selling them or plundering them. It is also based on the spirit of "feeling the stone and crossing the river," not following the old road of imperialism and colonialism, not copying the development model of Western countries, but combining China's realities, summarizing lessons learned and drawing on human civilization, daring to break out of it and try its own way.
The White Paper said China's development in the interaction with the world, China's development for world peace and development injected positive energy, China's road in line with China's national conditions, adapted to the requirements of the times.
China maintains world peace through practical actions.
For 70 years, China has not initiated any wars or conflicts, nor invaded or occupied an inch of other countries' land.
The White Paper pointed out that the fundamental reason for China's tremendous development success over the past 70 years was that it had found the right path to socialism with Chinese characteristics and had steadfastly followed it.
This is a road that sets out the conditions of our country, puts the interests of the people first, reforms and innovations, seeks common development in openness and governs the country in accordance with the law in an all-round way.
China's size, complex national conditions and difficulties in governing are unprecedented in the world. Without centralized, united and strong leadership, China will be headed for division and disintegration, which will bring disaster to the world.
Over the past 70 years, China has overcome all kinds of risks and challenges, creating one Chinese miracle after another that has attracted world attention, the paper said.
Especially since the 18th National Congress of the Communist Party of China, China has made historic achievements in its development and undergone historic changes.The Chinese nation has ushered in a great leap from standing up, becoming rich to becoming strong, and is closer than ever to the great goal of national rejuvenation.
China's development path, with the advance of the times, will increasingly show a bright development prospects.
Textile representatives from 45 countries and regions jointly issued the Declaration of the World Cloth Merchants.
At the 2019 Second World Clothing Congress, held in Keqiao District, Shaoxing City, Zhejiang Province, representatives of the textile industry from 45 countries and regions jointly issued the Declaration of the World Clothing Merchants.
The declaration stated that, with a view to the future, the countries concerned would work together to promote the high-quality development of the world textile industry by maintaining openness, cooperation, technology-driven development and fashion leapfrogging.
The Conference gathered about 1,200 representatives of the textile industry from 45 countries and regions to explore the sustainable development and win-win cooperation of the global textile industry in the light of the trends of the textile industry in the world economy.
Sun Ruizhe, president of the China Textile Industry Federation, said that the current global industrial division of labour, trade and innovation patterns were undergoing profound adjustments, and the textile industry had entered a new stage of globalization, innovation and responsible development, with the development concept of "technology, fashion and green" deepening.
Standing at the "crossroads" of global textile transformation and upgrading, Sun said, "In order for the industry to achieve sustainable development and common prosperity, we need the active participation of the global textile industry, the leadership of various companies and the sharing of benefits."
At the meeting, representatives of the textile industry of 45 countries and regions jointly issued the World Declaration on Cloth Merchants, jointly elaborating the goals and vision of the global textile industry development.
The Declaration of the World Clothing Merchants states that, in the future, the countries concerned will adhere to openness and cooperation, continuously promote industrial and market connectivity, and jointly raise the level of industrial chain development; will adhere to science and technology as the driving force, continuously strengthen basic research, applied research and technological transformation, and jointly upgrade the basic capabilities of industry; and will unite their efforts to make fashion leapfrogging, give full play to the role of textiles and clothing as a carrier of culture and a bridge to civilization, and jointly enhance the cultural value of industry.
Loureno Bartholomei, president of the Brazilian Fashion Designers Association, said in an interview that the publication of the Declaration would help countries to jointly raise the level of development of the textile industry and achieve sustainable development.
Loureno Bartholomei cites the Brazilian Fashion Designers' Association, which has more than 130 high-end local clothing brands, as an example. Designers are committed to designing fashionable, high-end clothing products, and Kodak has a wide range of fabrics.
As the host of the World Clothing Congress, Keqiao has the largest textile market in the world.With its unique textile industry chain, Keqiao is gradually building a new pattern of upgrading internally and opening up to the outside world, representing China's textile image at the forefront of the world.
Shen Zhijiang, secretary of Koqiao District Council, said that Koqiao would use the cloth fair as an opportunity to promote the textile industry to become more open, inclusive, inclusive, balanced and win-win.
Reuters measured the renminbi intermediate price in the nearby yuan 7. 0883 inverse cycle impact 460 points.
The renminbi is expected to open near $7.0883 against the U.S. dollar on Friday, down about 154 points from the previous day, according to Reuters, which measures the renminbi's exchange-rate formation mechanism, as published by the China Foreign Exchange Trading Center.
The renminbi yesterday closed spot at 7.1315 yuan against the U.S. dollar, against a median of 7.0729 yuan.
Under the pricing mechanism, today's movements in intermediate prices reflected a drop of 586 points, reflecting the impact of market supply and demand, a drop of 27 points, reflecting the number of points needed for the overnight basket to remain essentially unchanged, and an increase of 460 points, reflecting the impact of "countercyclical factors."
Reuters measured the renminbi as 7.0947 yuan against the U.S. dollar yesterday, a 218-point deviation from the actual value announced by the foreign-exchange center.
The CFETS index, the reference SDR (Special Drawing Rights) basket index and the reference BIS (Bank for International Settlements) basket index are 91.26, 91.46 and 94.92, respectively.
One of the tallest buildings in northern China, Tianjin Zhou Dafu, was completed, creating more than 100 national patents
The completion ceremony of Tianjin Zhou Dafu Financial Center, the first tallest building in northern China, was held in Tianjin Binhai New Area on the afternoon of the 26th, marking the success of the high-precision BIM model, a collaborative management platform developed by the project department of Tianjin Zhou Dafu Financial Center, which won the Global Award for Excellence in Construction Industry.
Tianjin Zhou Dafu Finance Center is located in the Tianjin Economic and Technological Development Zone, the total construction area of the project is 39,000 square meters, 4 floors underground, 100 floors above ground, the building height is 530 meters, covering A-class offices, luxury apartments, super-five-star hotels and so on, the completion of the Tianjin international landmark will become an important part of the complex.
The head of the project department of Zhou Dafu Finance Center in Tianjin, China's 8th Bureau of Construction and Engineering, said the total steel used in the project exceeded 70,000 tons, with 376,000 meters of welding seams in the high altitude group corresponding to 42.5 heights of Mount Everest.
The complexity and machining difficulty of the steel structure of Tianjin Zhou Dafu Project are unprecedented.
Industry insiders say that Tianjin Zhou Dafu Financial Center, the nation's built or in the construction of skyscrapers in the lead of all-round implementation of building information model management.
The "three-whole BIM application" model, which is composed of all participants, all professional application and all process implementation, has been put forward and successfully implemented.
The director said that in Zhou Dafu construction process, the project department in the virtual world in the first BIM construction, scientific verification and then physical construction, thus the previous construction projects may produce demolition, rework in the germination of the problem.
In 2017, Zhou Dafu Financial Center's BIM innovations won the first prize of the Construction Group of the Global Award for Excellence in Engineering and Construction at the Global AU Master Awards and the 2017 Global Award for Excellence in Engineering and Construction Awards.
In the course of the construction of the project, the project department has created more than 130 national patents.
It is worth mentioning that Tianjin Zhou Dafu's BIM innovation achievements and scientific and technological innovations have not only made all the complex and numerous construction links a success, shortened the construction period by more than four months, but also led to a significant improvement in safety management.
Not long ago, Tianjin Zhou Dafu Financial Center project also won the 2019 ISA International Security Award.
The 86th China-Laos-Myanmar-Thailand Mekong River Joint Patrol Law Enforcement completed.
At 15: 30, three Chinese and two Lao law enforcement boats participating in the 86th joint patrol on the Mekong River between China and the Lao People's Democratic Republic successfully berthed in the Chinese port of Guam, marking the successful conclusion of the joint patrol.
The operation was launched on 24 April at the port of Guam and lasted four days and three nights.
During the operation, the formations conducted joint patrols and anti-drug campaigns in key waters such as the Golden Triangle, Bang Sango, Laos and Mong Mo.
In addition, China dispatched police practical warfare instructors to the 122nd and 133rd border guard companies of the Lao People's Army to exchange police practical warfare skills, effectively enhancing the joint emergency response capabilities of law enforcement personnel of the two sides.
The four countries also held an exchange meeting on law enforcement cooperation in Chiang Shing, Thailand, where they briefed each other on recent developments in border management, the fight against drug-related crime and the security situation in the Mekong River Basin. Consultations and exchanges were held on strengthening information exchange, judicial research and law enforcement cooperation, and consensus was reached.
After the operation, the Chinese and Lao sides will continue to conduct 10-day joint training and segmental joint patrols to raise the alert rate of the Mekong River and do their utmost to safeguard the security and stability of the Mekong River basin, the relevant head of the Water Patrol General Team of Yunnan Provincial Public Security Bureau said.
The Thai commander said that since the start of the joint Mekong River patrol law enforcement, China, Myanmar, Thailand and the Lao People's Democratic Republic had engaged closely, deepened practical cooperation and achieved fruitful results in law enforcement and security cooperation and cultural exchanges.
It is hoped that the Quartet will continue to deepen and expand law enforcement cooperation, strive to open up a new situation of law enforcement cooperation among the four countries and make new contributions to safeguarding the security and stability of the Mekong River basin.
Iran's defense minister, Amir Khatami, on the 25 th, opposed any agreement with the West on Iran's missile program.
The Islamic Republic of Iran News Agency quoted Khatami as reporting that any agreement with the United States on Iran's "missile power" would undermine Iran's capabilities.
According to Khatami, Iran's leaders support improvements to the missile program.
The United States withdrew from the 2015 agreement with the six countries on the Iranian nuclear issue and reinstated and strengthened sanctions against Iran last May, seeking to use extreme pressure to force Iran and the United States to renegotiate the nuclear deal in order to limit Iran's weapons programs and regional activities.
Some Western leaders have used the United Nations General Assembly to mediate tensions between the United States and Iran.
British Prime Minister Boris Johnson, German Chancellor Angela Merkel and French President Emmanuel Macron met on the margins of the United Nations General Assembly.
The three leaders issued a joint statement after the meeting, urging Iran to engage in dialogue on nuclear activities, missile programs and regional security issues.
Iranian President Hassan Rouhani told reporters on the 24th that Iran is willing to discuss "minor changes, additions or amendments" to the Iranian nuclear agreement, provided that U.S. sanctions are lifted.
2019 Tokyo International Film Festival
The film, directed by Wang Rui, a professor at Beijing Film Academy, is the only Chinese-language film to have been nominated for the Golden Kirin Prize, the highest prize at the 32nd Tokyo International Film Festival, which opens on October 28.
"Under the White Clouds" is the fifth film directed by Professor Wang Rui of "Peach and plum all over the world," about an ordinary Mongolian pastoral couple, due to the different pursuits of some kind of life predicament, with Mongolian actors Jijimutu, Tana starring.
"Under the Clouds" is scheduled to have two world premieres during the festival, on October 31 and November 3, respectively.
The 32nd Tokyo International Film Festival is scheduled to be held from October 28 to November 5, this year.The festival organizing committee held a press conference on the afternoon of September 26, announcing the main competition unit, "Asian Future," "Special Guest Works," Japanese Cinema Splash, "World Focus" and other units of the film project.
The head of the competition film selection introduced the Chinese entry film "Under the White Clouds."
Zhang Ziyi was appointed as the president of the International Jury of the main competition unit of the film festival.
The "Asian Future" module contains three films in Chinese
Of the Tokyo International Film Festival series, it was second only to the "Asian Future" segment of the main competition, with three Chinese-language films from mainland China and Hong Kong having been selected, although only eight films had been selected, six fewer than in the main competition.
Two Hong Kong films are "Baby Revenge," directed by Lu Yixin, "The Mai Lu Man," directed by Huang Qingxun and starring Guo Fucheng and Miriam Yang, and "The Knight of the Summer Night," directed by Yu Xing.
In addition, a Chinese-Japanese action-adventure film directed by Yu Fei and starring Hiroshi Kanji, Zhang Jingchu and Lim Pak-hong, called Ice Storm, will also be shown at the festival as a "special reception."
Film festival spokesperson, "Goddess" Hirose Alice, due to the absence of the press conference, released a video message.
A well-known director, Yoshinori Yamada.
At the press conference, the President of the Tokyo International Film Festival, Yutaka Ando, the Director of the festival, Takeo Kuroda, and the directors of the selected films of each film section made statements, introducing the objectives of the festival and the films to be released.
As special guests of the press conference, the opening film, Tora-san's 50th installment in the Tora-san series, Tora-san's Story: Welcome Home, directed by Yoshiyuki Yamada; the two Japanese film directors who were shortlisted for the main competition units, Makoto Tezuka (Barobola) and Mitsuo Aoki (Comic Love Story), as well as the well-known playwright and screenwriter Ichiki Nakajima, also appeared at the press conference to share their feelings about participating in the Tokyo Film Festival.
The international jury for the main competition was composed of five members: Zhang Ziyi of China, the other four being American producer Bill Gerber, French actor and producer Julie Gaye, Danish director Michael Knoll, and Japanese director Takahiro Hiroki.
In addition, the TIFFCOM (International Image Market), which coincides with the Tokyo International Film Festival, will be held from October 22 to 24 at the Sunshine City Convention and Exhibition Center in Ikeda. This year, a record 401 groups will show their booths, with 90 units coming from China in particular, a 6.4-fold increase from 14 last year.
To this end, TIFFCOM specially designated October 22, the opening day, as "China Day," held a number of lectures, seminars, and invited Japanese director Yu Ishii to participate in related activities, the evening of the welcome dinner was also co-hosted by China and Japan.
Expansion of Panda Planet and Giant Panda Breeding Research Base in Chengdu
Xinhua News Agency, Chengdu, September 27, by wire (reporter Li Qianwei) rich panda culture thematic tourism routes, the future panda base can accommodate 180 giant pandas.The expansion of the panda planet and breeding research base project officially opened in Chengdu on September 25, which means the planned "panda capital" project in Chengdu officially launched.
According to the plan, the "panda capital" in Chengdu is composed of three areas: North Lake, Dujiangyan and Longquan Mountain, covering an area of 69 square kilometers.
The plan combines the panda's ecological and cultural values with the city construction of Chengdu Beautiful Habitable Park to create the panda's ecological home.
Panda Planet belongs to the North Lakes Region, covering 35 square kilometres and will form a "1 + N + X" regional spatial structure in conjunction with industrial planning.
One core attraction is the redevelopment and expansion of the Giant Panda Breeding Research Base; N cultural tourism consumption scenarios, namely, Panda Town, Yueyuan, Dream Garden, etc.; and X regional infrastructure facilities.
The expansion of the Chengdu Giant Panda Breeding Research Base will cover 3525 acres, making it a world-class panda conservation demonstration site and a place where people and animals can enjoy a good time together.
The park is designed to accommodate 180 giant pandas and their associated animals (panda cubs and golden monkeys).
Many international dignitaries and envoys have congratulated the 70th anniversary of the founding of the People's Republic of China over the past few days, highly valuing its development achievements and its importance to global development, according to the China Voice News and Newspaper Digest of the Central Radio and Television Station.
In an interview with China Central Radio and Television, Malian President John F. Keita said he had visited China many times and that the country's development achievements over the past 70 years had been astonishing and had benefited the world.
Kate: I am a friend of the Chinese people and a sincere friend.
China has never developed selfishly, but has opened its doors to the world and brought the greatest happiness to all the peoples of the world.
We hope that China will succeed, and I hope that President Xi Jinping will lead the great Chinese people to continue to realize their dreams.
Happy birthday and best wishes to China!
Barbados Prime Minister Motley said: Happy birthday to the People's Republic of China.
Say hello to the Chinese people.
I will never forget this day, because it is also my birthday.
Representatives of diplomatic missions and international organizations accredited to China from more than 130 countries visited the "Great Progress and Brilliant Achievements Exhibition to Celebrate the 70th Anniversary of the Founding of the People's Republic of China" in Beijing on Friday.
Russia's ambassador to China, Sergei Denisov, said: Seeing first-hand the starting point of China's reform and opening-up policy, compared with today's situation and more than 40 years ago, the progress is too great.
Moreover, in recent days, my embassies and consulates in many countries have held many activities in the area to celebrate the 70th anniversary of the founding of New China with local friends.
Many foreign friends have sent their heartfelt blessings to China.
On September 26, Baidu announced the launch of a trial run of Robotaxi, an unmanned "class 4" fully self-driving taxicab on a specific highway in Changsha, Hunan Province.
Ma Zhixing, a self-driving start-up, also launched a pilot operation in Guangzhou, Guangdong Province.
Pilot operations of autonomous taxis supported by the Chinese government may be expanded across the country.
Baidu has been running 45 self-driving taxis on a trial basis since the 26th, and passengers in Changsha can apply for a ride through a dedicated website.
There are "safety officers" on the driver's seat to ensure the safety of passengers.
The roads to be offered for trial operation are 50 km by the end of 2019 and are planned to be extended to 135 km by the first half of 2020.
The vehicle is a pure electric vehicle, the Red Flag EV, of China's FAW Group, equipped with systems developed by the Apollo program, founded by Baidu and supported by the Chinese government.
Baidu's Apollo program involves more than 150 companies, including Volkswagen, Daimler, Ford, Intel, Microsoft and Nvidia, in addition to Toyota and Honda.
Around China's autopiloted taxis, DDT, the country's largest contractor, has unveiled plans to launch 30 autopiloted taxi services in the suburbs of Shanghai this year.
China's automotive development competition may become more intense.
Taiwanese Businessmen Need to Keep Up with Mainland's Mainstream Industries in Uncertain Age
The 2019 Taiwan Business Forum on Innovative Operational Patterns was held in Taipei on 26 and 27 February.
Many Taiwanese business representatives and academics were invited to share their experiences on enterprise transformation, innovation, succession and market development.
The forum was hosted by the Taipei Institute of Business Administration and co-organized by Group Yin Jinding Securities, Outstanding Mainland Taiwan Businessmen's Association and other organizations.
The two-day conference was divided into the transformation and upgrading modes, business strategies and other seminars, more than 100 participants.
Chen Mingzhang, director of the Taipei Institute of Business Administration, said Taiwanese businessmen faced an "age of uncertainty" as trade frictions between China and the United States persisted.
In his view, Taiwanese businessmen need to keep up with the times and keep up with the mainstream industries developed on the mainland, with a particular focus on innovative products related to science and technology, culture, tourism and health.
"In the past, vendors valued quality, effectiveness and delivery."
Chen Mingzhang believes that Taiwanese merchants only the above - mentioned conditions are not enough at the moment.
He pointed out that Taiwanese-funded enterprises should combine speed and service, speed up the supply chain, and emphasize extension services and life product services.
In addition, "value-added service" is a new area that Taiwanese businessmen can develop vigorously.
Speaking at the session, Xu Wentang, Chairman of Yahui Electronics Co., Ltd., a Taiwanese merchant from Guangdong, said that Yahui Electronics had experienced operational difficulties due to the sudden drop in orders.
Removing the traditional electrical appliance business, transforming vehicle electronic equipment, entering the smart appliance industry, it took three years for the enterprise to achieve revenue.
White Hung-zhang, managing director of Sunshine (Zhuhai) Electronics Co., Ltd., suggested that if it was difficult to develop new customers, it would be better to focus on the original customers to provide "one-stop" services.
Customers switching suppliers involves six factors: Poor service, high price, low quality, slow delivery, low variety and integrity. By addressing these six factors, together with timely modification of production lines and expansion of product categories, enterprises will become irreplaceable suppliers to customers.
The 2019 Outstanding Mainland Taiwan Business Award ceremony, also hosted by the Taipei Institute of Business Administration, was held in Taipei.
According to the Taiwan Economic Daily, Lu Zhengzhang, general manager of the Shanghai-based Golden Earth Company, who operates the center, was awarded the "Outstanding Businessman and Cross-Strait Contribution Award."
Request for Comments on New Regulation: Qualifications Needed for Social Capital to Acquire Rural Land Management Rights
Qualifications are required for social capital to acquire the right to manage rural land
"Administrative Measures on the Transfer of Rural Land Management Rights" for Public Consultation It is proposed to regulate the transfer of social capital, such as business enterprises, to acquire land management rights
Yesterday, the Ministry of Agriculture and Rural Affairs published on its website a notice for public consultation on the "Administrative Measures on the Transfer of Rural Land Management Rights (Consultation Draft on the Revised Draft)" (hereinafter referred to as the "Consultation Draft"), increasing the supervision and risk prevention of the transfer of social capital, including business enterprises, to acquire land management rights.
The opinion draft is now open for public comment.
According to the Ministry of Agriculture and Rural Affairs, in order to implement the newly amended Law on Rural Land Contracting, further consolidate and improve the rural basic management system, deepen the reform of the rural land system and implement the "separation of powers," the Ministry of Agriculture and Rural Affairs has revised the Administrative Measures on the Transfer of the Right to Contract and Operate Rural Land, resulting in the draft Opinions.
Beijing Youth Daily reporters learned that the first publication of the Opinion Draft, there are many important changes.
The newly amended Rural Land Contracting Law clarifies the scope of land transfer and implements the concept of the "separation of three powers," with separate sections on "Land Contracting and Management Rights" and "Land Management Rights," making a clear distinction between the transfer, exchange and transfer of land contracting and management rights (rent, subcontract, shareholding or other forms).
In this Opinion Draft, in order to implement the concept of "separation of three powers," effectively respond to the main thrust of the Law on Rural Land Contracting, and taking into account the fact that the transfer of land management rights and the exchange and transfer of land management rights are quite different in terms of the parties, procedures and supervision, the scope of the transfer was defined, with a focus on the transfer of land management rights, including the forms of transfer, such as leasing and taking shares, and the title of the Regulations was changed from "Administrative Measures for the Transfer of Rural Land Contracting Rights" to "Administrative Measures for the Transfer of Rural Land Management Rights."
The transfer and exchange of land contract management rights shall be governed by separate administrative measures.
The Commentary notes that, in the context of the "separation of powers," farmers are only entitled to a limited term of land management.
Theoretically, even in the event of bankruptcy liquidation, farmers are only at risk of losing their right to operate for a certain period of time. Therefore, it is legally unnecessary and in conflict with the Bankruptcy Law to provide for the return of the contracted land to the original contractor.
Aiming at the problem of preventing farmers from losing land, some methods such as preferred shares, first leased shares and buybacks have been developed in practice.
Considering that preferred shares have been maturely discussed in company law, it is suggested that they should be used as advocacy provisions to prevent the risk of land loss.
